Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
I knew what was coming. I knew.
I’d seen it in Jake’s eyes.
And you know what? I was scared.
I never thought I would be. Cassie thinks I’m fearless. Marco thinks I’m reckless. Tobias …
well, Tobias loves me.
I guess they all do, in different ways. Jake, too. But Jake had to do the right thing.
I felt sorry for him, you know? He’s carried the weight so long. He’s made hard decisions. None
as hard as this maybe. I didn’t blame him, not even for a minute.
But I was scared.
I guess no one wants to die. I guess everyone is scared when the time comes.
We were so close. We were right there, right at the finish line, I’d already survived so many
times when I shouldn’t have. It seemed unfair. To come this far, get this close …
Jake gave me the job because he knew that only I could do it. Would do it. Ax might have, sure,
but he was needed for his skills. Me, I’m not the computer genius. I’m the one you send when you
need someone to be crazy, to do the hard thing.
I don’t know whether I’m proud of that or not.
I was Jake’s insurance policy. He thought maybe he wouldn’t have to use me. He hoped, anyway.
But down deep he knew, and I knew, and we both hid the truth from the others because Cassie
couldn’t let Jake make that decision, and Tobias couldn’t let me, and those two, by loving us, would
have screwed everything up.
It was a war, after all. A war we had to win.
We hadn’t asked the Yeerks to come to Earth. They made that call on their own. They’re a
parasitic species, not very big or impressive to look at, just these snail-like things that can enter your
head through your ear. They have a capacity to anesthetize the inner ear enough to allow them to
burrow through the soft tissue. It still hurts but not as much as it should.
They dig their way straight to your brain and then flatten themselves out, spread themselves
down into the crevices, tie directly into your synapses. They take control. Absolute control.
They read your thoughts, they sense your emotions. What your eyes see, they see. What your
tongue tastes, they taste. If your hand moves, it’s because they moved it. If you speak, it is the Yeerk
who has spoken through you, made you into a ventriloquist’s dummy.
Over the course of years they spread like a virus. Invisible. Undetectable.
They are your teacher, your pastor, your best friend. They are the police officer, the TV
newsman, the soldier. Anyone.
Jake’s parents had recently been taken; they were human-Controllers - people controlled by
Yeerks.
Jake’s brother Tom, my cousin, had been a Controller for a long time. He was a powerful Yeerk.
Jake still cared for him, still hoped somehow he could be saved.
Jake had sent me away with Tom.
I understood. I approved. If Jake hadn’t sent me I’d have gone anyway.
Still, though, I was scared.
I had power myself. We all did. The strange, unsettling power to absorb DNA from any living