Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
You want to know my last name? Too bad. I don’t give out my last name. No offense. I’m not
trying to be difficult or “too cool.” I’m just being careful.
Here’s the situation. Earth, our little blue and green planet, the one with the fluffy white clouds
and all, is under attack.
It’s not under attack like in some World War II documentary or something. Or like in Star Wars.
It’s more subtle than that. Not a lot of explosions and ray guns or whatever. In most wars, I guess what
people are after is control of land or territory. Or at least they want to ram some idea down some
other person’s throat.
In this war, our enemies don’t care about land. They don’t care about ideology. They don’t want
to take over our capital city and raise some flag or whatever. They want us. They want our physical
bodies.
They are called Yeerks. They are a race of parasitic slugs. Like tapeworms or something. They
need to live in the bodies of other creatures. Otherwise they’re just these gray slugs who slosh around
helplessly in a Yeerk pool.
But unlike a tapeworm or something, Yeerks don’t live in your intestines. They don’t infest your
stomach. It’s your brain they infest.
They enter through your ear. They can squeeze and flatten themselves out to fit into very small
spaces. They enter your ear and then your brain. They squeeze and ooze down into all the little gullies
and ridges and folds of your brain. And then they interface with your brain. They control you. Totally,
absolutely.
They can open your memories anytime they want. You have no privacy. None. No secrets. None.
No escape. None. They are inside your dreams and thoughts and whims and wishes and desires.
Your brain becomes theirs. They own it. They lift your arms and bend your waist. They aim your
eyes and focus on what they want to see. They eat for you. They go to the bathroom for you.
And because they have total access to your every single thought, they can pass for you.
Flawlessly. They can be you, while always remaining themselves. Your friends will never know.
Your mother and father will never know. You will be alone, trapped, helpless, paralyzed in your own
body. Unable to make the simplest decision for yourself. Unable to stop yourself when you betray the
ones you love. Unable to warn those whom the Yeerks target next.
A Controller. That’s what we call a person who has been taken over by a Yeerk. A human-
Controller. Although other species around the galaxy have already fallen to the Yeerks.
The Hork-Bajir are enslaved. The Gedds. The Taxxons, although those vile, evil worms did it
voluntarily. And we’ve learned the Yeerks are moving against a race called the Leerans.
And they are moving against Earth, where people live their normal lives never knowing. I guess
it’s like having cancer or something. You never know the tumor is growing inside you till it’s too late.
So now you know why I’m cautious. Why we hide our true identities.
And who are we? We are Animorphs. Five kids given the power to morph into any animal we
can touch. Five kids who just had the bad luck to be there when the Andalite prince Elfangor landed
his damaged ship. Five of us and Elfangor’s little brother, the Andalite Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill.
We call him Ax.
<Who is this Schwarzenegger?> Ax demanded. <I have heard Marco use his name before.>