Chapter 1
My name is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill.
It is not a human name. It is an Andalite name. Not that humans reading this are likely to know
what an Andalite is. I am the only one here on Earth.
No, that is not completely true. There is one other. But he is not the Andalite he once was. He is
now the host body to the Yeerk who holds the rank of Visser Three. Andalites call him the
Abomination.
My duty is to someday destroy him.
I am only an aristh, a cadet. But as any Andalite who ever reads this will know, Andalite custom
demands that I avenge my brother’s death. Elfangor was a warrior and prince. Visser Three murdered
him.
I suppose I thought that Elfangor would live forever. He was fearless. Honorable. Perfect. It was
a lot for a brother to live up to because I am not any of those things.
But the memory of my brother is why I look forward to the day when I destroy Visser Three. It is
not simply a matter of duty. I cared very deeply for my brother.
And I am not the only one who wants to destroy him and the other Yeerks who have invaded
Earth. Before he died, Elfangor gave five human youths the power to morph. As well as the truth
about why they need this power.
Now these five humans are the only ones resisting the Yeerk invasion. Fighting to stop the Yeerks
from enslaving the entire human race. Fighting to stop them from crawling into human brains and
taking over all thoughts, actions, and memories.
They are also the only ones who know about me.
They are my people now - the only people I have here, so far from home. I am grateful for their
friendship. I respect them, too, which might be more important. But Tobias is the only one I might
consider a true shorm.
A shorm is a deep friend, someone who knows everything there is to know about you. The word
comes from the Andalite’s tail blade, which looks something like what you may know as a scorpion’s
tail. A shorm is someone you would trust to put his tail blade against your throat.
Even though Tobias does not have a tail blade - or hooves, stem eyes, and fur, the way Andalites
do - he is almost one of us. Elfangor was his father, and, as strange as it is to think of, I am, in Earth
terms, Tobias’s uncle.
But I think it is the fact that he is almost as unique on this planet as I am that makes us close.
Choosing life as a red-tailed hawk has set Tobias apart from everything he once knew.
We are both unique on this planet, and both very much alone.
There are times at night, as I search the dark sky for the home star, when I think about my real
people, my family. I think about a life that might have been very different from the one I am living
now, here on a distant planet, far from everything I once knew.
The others, Prince Jake, Cassie, Rachel, and Marco, all have homes and families. Only Tobias
and I do not. Tobias lives in a meadow that is his territory. And I, until recently, did not even have that
limited amount to call my own.
But now I have made my life a bit more comfortable. I have constructed a sort of scoop - what
we Andalites consider to be a home.
Like any scoop, it is mostly open, with only a small area covered by a semi spherical roof. And