Prologue
My name is Tobias.
I was restless. Don’t ask me why, I just was. So I flew.
There were no Animorph missions planned. The others didn’t need me right then. So even though
the sun was going down, I flew.
I flew toward the mountains. Toward the secret, hidden valley the Ellimist had showed me.
Even now I had trouble finding it. Even though I knew exactly where it was. Even though, as a
red-tailed hawk, I had vision far better than any human.
The Ellimist had concealed the valley from human eyes. How? Who knows? The Ellimist could
hide all of planet Earth if he wanted to.
But knowing where the valley was, I could find it with some effort. I found the narrow gap
between two ridges. I was not fooled by the way my eyes kept sliding away from the gap, as if some
negative magnetism was at work.
I flew as the sun dropped and the air cooled and the lift beneath my broad wings failed. I had to
flap harder to stay aloft. Stupid, really. Now I’d have to spend the night here in the valley.
Then, below me, I saw a sight that made me glad to be there. A strange creature like nothing
Earth has ever given birth to. It was four feet tall. There were razor-sharp blades at its ankles, knees,
wrists, and elbows. There were two long, forward-raked horns coming from its head. It had a tail that
ended in Stegosaurus spikes.
A young Hork-Bajir.
A young, free Hork-Bajir.
It was swinging, leaping through the trees like a monkey or a squirrel. Running through the tree
branches, but happy-running, not scared-running.
I’d played a small part in the Ellimist’s plan to create a free colony of Hork-Bajir. Not that the
Ellimist interferes in the lives of other species.
So he claims.
Right.
In any case, the other Animorphs and I had played a role in helping two escaping Hork-Bajir
find their way here. Jara Hamee and Ket Halpak. Like all Hork-Bajir, they had been infested by
Yeerks. They’d been slaves of the Yeerks.
Somehow they had escaped. Don’t ask me how. Ask the guy who doesn’t interfere in the lives of
other species.
They’d had a baby. That was him … or her … cavorting beneath me. I still was not very good at
telling the difference.
Hork-Bajir don’t live as long as humans. So they grow up faster, too.
I increased my speed and outraced the Hork-Bajir child. I found the nest of caves, six or eight,
all close together, where we’d figured the Hork-Bajir would live.
But to my surprise I could now see that the caves were unused. The adults were in the trees. But
not just Jara Hamee and Ket Halpak. There were a dozen or more Hork-Bajir there now. All free.
Many starting to raise families.
I realized then that I had not accidentally headed toward the hidden Hork-Bajir valley. It had
been deliberate, even if it was subconscious. I’d been feeling kind of down. But now, seeing this
fragile community of free Hork-Bajir … well, how can you see freedom replace slavery and not feel