Chapter 1
1:22 P
.M.
My name is Jake.
I can’t tell you my last name, or where I’m from. That would just help the Yeerks. They’d love to
find me and my friends. They’d love to know who we are, even what we are.
Knowing my last name isn’t important for you. What you need to know is that everything I’ll tell
you here is true. It’s real. It’s actually happening. Right now.
The Yeerks are among us.
The Yeerks are us.
They’re a parasitic species. They live inside the bodies of other beings. They take over your
mind and body.
Controllers. That’s what you call a creature that is ruled by a Yeerk. A Controller. Something
that looks human, acts human, sounds human, but whose mind is Yeerk.
They are everywhere. They can be anyone. Think of the one person in the whole world that you
trust the most. Think of that one special person. And now realize, believe, accept the fact that they
might not be the person you think they are. Deal with the reality that behind those friendly, loving eyes
lives a gray slug.
That’s what a Yeerk looks like in its natural state. Just a gray slug. They enter your head,
squeezing through the ear canal, and flatten themselves out to envelop your brain.
You know all those nooks and crannies in brains? You’ve probably seen pictures in school.
Well, the Yeerk forms itself into those nooks and crannies and it ties into your mind.
You wake up and you want to scream, but you can’t. You can’t scream. You can’t move your eyes
or raise your finger or make yourself walk. The Yeerk controls you.
You’re still alive. You can still see what’s happening. Your eyes move and focus, but you’re not
moving them. You can still hear your own mouth speaking and using your voice. You can feel it when
the Yeerk opens up your memories and looks through them. You can hear the Yeerk laughing at you as
it pries into your every secret.
I know. Been there. For a few days, I was a Controller.
The Yeerks are here, all right. Their mother ship is parked in high orbit right now. It’s hidden
from human radar, but it’s there.
And the Yeerk super-evil leader, Visser Three, is there, too.
We are being invaded. We are being enslaved. We are losing our own planet. And we don’t even
know it.
My friends and I fight the Yeerks. But we’re just five kids. Well, five kids and one Andalite. Yes,
we have some amazing powers, but we’re still desperately weak and outnumbered compared to the
force of the Yeerk invasion.
We are the only humans resisting the Yeerks.
We may be the only hope that Earth has.
We have a lot on our shoulders.
Which is why I really, really, really did not see why I had to have more suffering piled on.
Wasn’t I under enough stress? Life wasn’t bad enough? We had to have … square dancing?
Square dancing! The horror!