Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
I won’t tell you my last name or where I’m from. Here’s what I can tell you about myself: I’m
tall for my age. Maybe tall for any age. I have blond hair. I like gymnastics, shopping, and a good
fight with bad guys. Not necessarily in that order.
People say I’m pretty, and I guess I’m okay. People say I’m self-confident, and I know that’s true.
My closest friends think I’m fearless. They’re wrong about that. People without fear are just
insane. I have plenty of fear in my life. Some days I feel afraid from the minute I wake up in the
morning till my last nightmare at night.
But the thing about fear is you can’t be afraid of it. I know that sounds confusing. I guess what I
mean is, be afraid if you have to, right? Fear is like this vicious little worm that lives inside you and
eats you alive. You have to fight it. You have to know it’s there. You have to accept that you’ll never
get rid of it, but fight it just the same.
Brave isn’t about not being afraid. It’s about being scared to death and still not giving in.
That’s all any of us do. Any of us Animorphs. We just try not to give in.
And in the middle of it all, in the middle of all the danger and betrayal and fear, we try to hold
on to what’s normal and good. Have to keep up with the homework. Have to be ready for that pop
quiz. Have to still listen to music and watch TV and maybe go to a movie.
You know what I mean? When you live in an insane world, you have to hold on to the little
things.
There are six of us. Five humans, one not-so-human. There’s me; there’s Jake, my more
responsible cousin; Marco, my personal pain in the butt; Cassie, my best friend forever; Tobias, who
was our first casualty, trapped forever in the body of a hawk; and Ax, the only Andalite to survive
their mission to Earth.
It all began with an innocent walk through an abandoned construction site at night. The five of us,
minus Ax, were minding our own business, heading home from the mall. No one was thinking, Hey,
let’s get ourselves in the middle of an interstellar war. I just wanted to get home, do all those normal
things. Maybe watch TV
. Check out some Web sites. Listen to a favorite CD. Do my homework.
Whatever. Normal stuff.
But the damaged Andalite fighter landed right in front of us, and from that point on, nothing was
normal again.
We are not alone in this universe. There are billions of stars and billions of planets. And on
some of those planets, life arose like it did here on good old Earth.
On some of those planets, highly intelligent life evolved. Just like Homo sapiens - humans -
evolved here. Out there in the stars, there are races like the Ellimists who are so advanced they make
humans look as dumb as cows. Then there are races, like the Andalites, more advanced than us. You
know: like a tenth-grader is more advanced than an eighth-grader. But still in the same zone of reality.
And there are races like the Hork-Bajir, razor-bladed killing machines that everyone says used
to be rather sweet. And the Taxxons … well, what can you say about the Taxxons? Huge cannibalistic
centipedes. Not exactly the good guys of the galaxy. Not exactly nice.
And then there are the Yeerks.
The Yeerks, who enslaved the Hork-Bajir. The Yeerks, who made a devil’s deal with the
Taxxons. The Yeerks, who spread throughout the galaxy like a virus, attacking one race after another,