Prologue
The dream came again. As real as it always was.
The Yeerk was in my head once more. He was starved of Kandrona rays, weakening, failing. I
was watching him die.
The Yeerk cried in pain again and again. And the memory visions came floating up as clear as if
they had all just happened.
They were visions of the Yeerk’s life. And the lingering memories he had stolen from his hosts.
One of those hosts had been my own brother, Tom.
I felt each of those minds in my own as the Yeerk gave up his life. I was the caretaker of those
memories of despair.
At the end, the Yeerk was no longer in pain. He was beyond pain.
I opened my eyes and looked at Cassie. It happened so naturally. I opened my eyes by my own
will for the first time since I’d been infested.
And then, for the first time in more than an hour, the Yeerk spoke. <So. You win … human.>
The Yeerk shuddered. I could feel it as a physical spasm. My vision changed. And I felt
something impossible to describe. I felt as if I were seeing through things. Into things. Like I could
see the front and back and top and bottom and inside of everything all at once.
It was as if I had slipped out of the normal world. Out of the real universe. I was in a different
reality. I was peeking through a tear in a movie screen. On the surface, the three-dimensional movie -
my world - played. Beyond it … something my mind could not comprehend.
In my dream, my dream of memory, I felt the terror grow. I knew what was coming next. I
writhed in my sleep, twisting my sheets around me. Wake up! Wake up!
But I could not wake up. I never could, not till the dream was complete.
And so I saw it again.
A creature. Or a machine. Some combination of both. It had no arms. It sat still, as if it were
bolted down, on a throne that was miles high. It could not move, and yet the power that flowed from it
was like a hurricane of energy.
Its head was a single eye. The eye turned slowly … left … right …
I trembled. I prayed it would not look my way.
And then it saw me.
The eye, the bloodred eye, looked straight at me.
Through me.
It saw me.
It SAW me!
No! NO! I cried in silent terror. I tried to look away, but my eyelids were transparent, my head
would not twist far enough to avoid its gaze.
It spoke the single word it spoke only in my dreams.
And now, at last, I could awaken, shaking in a sweat-soaked bed.
Why? Why would this dream not go away? I’d had other nightmares, other awful memories of
fear and violence that needed to be exorcized in my dreams.
But they had each faded. While this dream came again and again.
I got up and staggered into the bathroom. I snapped on the glaring fluorescent light. Then I
stepped to the sink and looked at my face, my head.