Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
And I was facing down a Controller in a purple-and-pink Dunkin’ Donuts uniform. He was
holding a Dracon beam. Smirking. The little jerk.
Tseeew! Tseeew!
He fired at point-blank range. Hit me right between my three-foot-long tusks.
“HhhhREEEEEuuuhhh!” I roared in pain and anger. Mostly anger. Like a couple of Dracon beam
blasts are enough to take down a thirteen-hundred-pound African elephant.
Yeah, an elephant. I can morph into animals whenever I want. I can also morph a cat and a
cockroach and lots of other animals and bugs. Sounds like fun, right?
Wrong. Like, about one percent of the time it’s not seriously unpleasant. Mostly morphing is a
weapon. A weapon in the most desperate battle ever fought by human beings.
Here’s the deal. Earth is under attack. The planet has been invaded by aliens called Yeerks.
These guys aren’t into exploring strange new worlds. They’re into exploring strange new bodies.
They’re parasites. Like lice or ringworm. Only intensely worse.
In their natural state, Yeerks are nothing but gray slugs. Until they infest a host body, enter the
brain, sink down into the little crevices, and take complete control.
Once they have you, you can’t focus your own eyes, or draw your own breath, or decide when to
pee. You are powerless. A slave of the most complete and hopeless kind.
You can still do one thing. Just one terrible thing: You can watch in horror as the Yeerk in your
head lies to your family, betrays your friends, plots to take over your planet.
Frightening?
Oh, yeah. And it gets worse.
Me and my friends are all that actively stand between the Yeerks and their evil conquest of
humanity. Just a group of five kids and a young alien.
We’re trying to hold on until help gets here from a few billion light-years away. See, the Yeerks
have enemies. A race of amazingly advanced aliens called Andalites.
Andalites look like deer. If deer had blue-and-tan fur, humanoid arms, and scorpionlike tails
tipped with wickedly sharp blades. Andalites also have two main eyes, on their face, and two on
swiveling stalks that sprout from the top of their head. Beautiful and intelligent and cunning.
Not too long ago - who am I kidding, what seems like a lifetime ago - an Andalite ship got fried
right above Earth. Torn out of the sky while battling the Yeerks. My friends and I saw it fall. Saw the
dying Andalite war prince named Elfangor crawl from the wreckage. Listened, stunned and just a
little freaked out, as he gave us the technology that allows us to morph. To acquire the DNA of any
animal we touch and then to become that animal. But there was one rule we had to follow: Stay in
morph for more than two hours and you stay there forever. Become what the Andalites call a nothlit.
Stuck in your morph for the rest of your life. Someone who means a lot to me knows about this
firsthand. He’d stayed in morph too long and now he lives his life as a red-tailed hawk. He did regain
his morphing ability, but when he demorphs he’s not a human. He’s a bird. The sad part - at least for
me - is that he seems to like his life the way it is now.
But even though it seems futile, we’ve been fighting ever since.
Trying to hold on even though we’ve just about given up waiting for any more help out of the sky.
So here we are: Jake, our leader and my cousin; Cassie, my best friend; Marco, Jake’s best