Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
Her name is T’Shondra.
Isn’t that a beautiful name? A beautiful name for a beautiful girl. Which is what I told her as I
sidled up casually to her locker.
“T’Shondra,” I said.
“Marco,” she said.
“A beautiful name for a beautiful girl,” I said.
“What is? Marco?”
“No, T’Shondra.”
“What?”
“T’Shondra. I was just saying I thought it would be a beautiful name for a beautiful girl.”
“Oh, really!” she said, giving me serious fish-eye. “It would be, huh? For a beautiful girl. But
not for me, huh? Is that what you’re saying? You just came all the way over here, acting all cool, to
tell me I should give my name to some beautiful girl because I’m too much of a pig to have the
name?”
At this point I could have explained. But I had this bad feeling that the moment was past. You
know? Like nothing I could possibly say was going to make this work.
“How about if we just say this conversation never happened?” I suggested. “How about if I just
turn and walk away?”
“That would be a good idea.”
Now, where was I? Oh yeah, my name is Marco. And I can’t tell you my last name or where I
live. Why not? Because I’m hoping to live long enough to figure out females, that’s why. I mean, is it
just me, or are they way too sensitive?
The other day I’m talking to this girl named Danielle. And she happens to work out a lot, so she
is very strong. But in a good way. In a good way, I emphasize. So I say to her, “Whoa, Danielle,
you’re looking way buff. Look at those shoulders of yours. You could practically be a boy.”
What does she do? Does she say, “Thanks, Marco, for paying me a compliment”? No. She calls
over this guy she likes, this guy named Justin Mullins, and says, “Marco just said I look like a boy!”
Well. The end result was me running down the hall yelling, “I meant it in a nice way! Stop
chasing me. It was a compliment!”
But that’s beside the point. I’ve been chased by worse than Justin Mullins. I’ve been chased by
Hork-Bajir warriors. I’ve been chased by Taxxons. I’ve been chased by Visser Three himself.
Here’s the thing you need to understand: Life isn’t what you think it is. There are things going on
that you don’t understand.
Earth is being invaded. By some not-nice creatures called Yeerks. They are a parasitic species,
like tapeworms. Only they get into your head, not your stomach.
They control you. Utterly. Totally. You’re the Muppet and they’re the hand. We call people like
that Controllers. That’s what you are when you’re nothing but a human puppet under the control of the
Yeerk in your head.
They are everywhere. They can be anyone. You’ll never know for sure. Your dad, your mom,
your brothers and sisters, the guy who comes to the house and fixes the furnace, the smarmy
anchorman on the news, the politician, the teacher, the cute little kid … There is no way to know. No