Chapter 1
Tsseeeewww! Tsseeeewww!
I dropped to the ground. Dracon fire narrowly missed frying my head. Before the enemy could
squeeze off another round, I rolled into one of the newly dug trenches.
The trench was muddy, the soil teeming with earthworms. Gross, but it was protection. And the
trench was deep enough for me to morph big. But under an attack like this, I knew to go small.
Tsseeeewww! Tsseeeewww!
More Dracon fire whizzed by overhead. And then I heard the sound that always makes my blood
run cold.
Like somebody sharpening knives. Stalking me. Preparing to kill.
It’s a sound I seriously don’t enjoy.
The sound of Hork-Bajir.
Hork-Bajir are massive creatures. Seven feet tall with machete-like blades on their elbows,
their knees, and their foreheads. They’re not natural diggers, like the Taxxons. But they can move a
powerful amount of earth if they have to.
“Hrrath!”
Tsseeeewww!
A shout and another round of Dracon fire. The whisking, knife-sharpening sound receded
slightly. I poked my head above the rim of the trench. Saw Marco running across the compound yard,
another group of Hork-Bajir close behind him.
He was creating a diversion. Helping me to escape. Giving me time to morph.
Marco dove into another trench.
I knew what to do. We’d planned it in advance. Rehearsed it endlessly.
We’d use our roach morphs to escape the compound through a network of underground pipes
we’d laid beneath the trenches.
I closed my eyes to begin the morph. From ground level, more shouts and explosions. Were my
parents out there vulnerable to the attack? Terrified?
The morph was slow to start. I couldn’t concentrate. Fix the image of the roach in your mind,
Cassie. Fix it and morph.
No use. I couldn’t keep the roach within view. Instead, I saw my mother.
Saw the look on her face when, for the very first time, she watched me morph.
What would her face look like now if she saw me burrowing in a muddy trench full of worms,
dung, and rotted vegetation?
Stop it! I ordered myself. You have to do this! So, do it.
I concentrated hard. Nothing. I couldn’t morph. And I’m the one who’s supposed to be so good at
it.
<Cassie! Come on! Where are you?> Marco.
I concentrated harder. Now it was my dad’s face that appeared in my mind. He looked sad and
disappointed. As if until this moment he’d never realized that evil really did exist. Not only in the big
“out there.” But right in his own backyard.
The Hork-Bajir were closing in. I could hear their blades slicing the air. It was new or never.
If only I could know my parents had taken cover, reached safety!
<Morph, Cassie!>