Chapter 1 - Jake
“Help me.”
I tried to get up. There was a body lying on me. Hork-Bajir. His wrist blade was jammed against
my side.
I tried to lift up with all four legs, lift the dead thing off me. But I only had three legs. My left
hind leg lay across the bright-lit floor, a curiosity, a macabre relic. Tiger’s paw.
I tried to slide. That was better. The floor was wood, highly polished. Slick with blood, animal,
alien, human. I reached out with my two front paws, extended the claws, and dug them into the wood.
They didn’t catch at first. But then my right paw chewed wood and I gained traction.
A voice said, “Help. Please help me.”
I dragged myself slowly, carefully, gingerly out from beneath the bladed alien. The pain in the
missing leg was intense. Don’t let anyone ever tell you animals don’t feel pain. I’ve been a lot of
animals. Mostly they feel pain.
<Jake? Jake?>
It was Cassie. <Yeah. I’m here.>
With a lurch I was free of the weight pressing me down. I rose, shaky on three legs. Looked
around through the tiger’s eyes.
It was a fabric-cutting room. A design house. You know, dresses no one actually wears. The kind
of stuff you see on Style With Elsa Klensch as you’re flipping channels.
Fashion? Strange front organization for the Yeerks. Why?
There were hugely wide, long tables covered in cloth. One tilted up weirdly, one leg had been
broken off entirely. Kind of like me. There were big rolls of patterned fabrics on that end that
weighed the table down and made it balance, like a seesaw, not up, not down.
Overhead there were banks of brilliant fluorescent lights. Splashes of stylish neon on the bare
brick walls. Bodies everywhere. Blood. Slashes of it.
<Cassie?>
I saw the wolf limp out from behind an overturned cart. She was alive.
I felt a wave of relief. The last I’d seen of Cassie she was in trouble.
In the distance, out through the big doors, down the dark hallway, I heard the hoarse vocals of a
grizzly bear. Rachel. Not fighting, not anymore, just raging, raging. Roaring with the frustration of a
mad beast looking for fresh victims and finding none.
Marco was already demorphed. A kid. My age, but he looked so young to me. My best friend.
He’d demorphed to human because the alternative was bleeding to death from the gash across his
gorilla throat.
Demorph to human. All better. No pain.
“I’m cold. I’m cold, help me,” the voice called.
<Make sure he can’t see you,> I warned Marco.
Rachel came lumbering back into the room, eight hundred pounds of shaggy brown fur and
railroad spike claws and a vaguely quizzical grin that hid sharp canines. <Where’s Tobias?>
I didn’t answer. I didn’t know the answer.
Rachel began shoving and lifting Hork-Bajir bodies. She found Tobias, a crumpled hawk. He
was breathing.
<Tobias, morph!>