Chapter 1
My name is Cassie. Just Cassie. At least that’s all I’m going to tell you. It’s not because I think
I’m so special I only need one name. I know I’m not Jewel or Brandy or Beck.
I’m actually pretty ordinary. If you saw me walking down one of the halls at your school, you
probably wouldn’t give me a second look. Unless it was one of the days when I had a little bird poop
on my jeans from working with my dad in his Wildlife Rehabilitation Clinic. If it was a bird-poop
day, you might give me a second “oh-gross” look.
But I really am your basic, average girl. A first and last name plus middle initial kind of girl.
Except for the fact that I spend most of my time trying to stop the Yeerk invasion of Earth.
That’s why I can only tell you my first name. If the Yeerks knew my last name, I’d be dead. No,
worse than dead.
Let me give you the Cliffs Notes version.
Fact: Yeerks are alien parasites that have the appearance of small gray slugs. They enter their
hosts through the ear canal, then spread their soft bodies into the crevices of their hosts’ brains.
Fact: The Yeerks have already enslaved many species, including the Hork-Bajir, the Gedds, and
the Taxxons, although the Taxxons submitted willingly. Now the Yeerks have targeted the entire human
race for use as hosts.
Fact: You already know someone who is controlled by a Yeerk. You just don’t know you know
someone who is controlled by a Yeerk. Yeerks can access their hosts’ memories and make them act
exactly the way they always have. A human host, called a Controller, cannot move a single muscle
unless the Yeerk in his or her head gives the order.
Fact: The Animorphs may be your only hope of escaping becoming a human-Controller yourself.
The Animorphs are me and four of my friends - Jake, Rachel, Marco, and Tobias. A great
Andalite prince named Elfangor gave us the power to morph into animals. He knew he was about to
die, and he didn’t want to leave Earth completely defenseless against the Yeerks. Later we were
joined in our fight by Elfangor’s younger brother, Ax. Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill.
Usually the six of us work as a team, but tonight I had a secret mission, and I didn’t want too
many people around. I asked Rachel if she’d be my backup, and of course she agreed.
You should see Rachel. She’s like Stone Cold Steve Austin crossed with Miss Teen USA. Unlike
me, Rachel is someone who could pull off the whole I’m-so-special-I-only-need-one-name deal even
if she didn’t have to keep her identity a secret.
“So are we going in or what?” Rachel asked me.
I stared up at the old Victorian house. A single light burned in one window. A loose shutter kept
swinging back and forth on its hinges. The screeching sound made the hair at the back of my neck
prickle.
“We’re going in,” I answered, ignoring the prickling sensation.
“This plan of yours is … what’s the word I’m looking for?” Rachel asked. “Oh, yeah. Insane. As
in Looney Toeowww -”
Rachel’s words turned into a high meow. Her vocal cords had started to change first.
“We have to do this,” I told her as her nose narrowed and sprouted fur. “It’s life and death.”
I watched Rachel for a few more moments. She was going to use her cat morph to go into the
house. I was going to use my rat morph. I figured it couldn’t hurt to give her a little head start. That
way she’d be in total control of her cat brain before I became all small and delicious.