Chapter 1
A phone call at three A.M. is rarely a good thing.
When you’re an Animorph, the chance of good news ever - day or night - is zero.
“Jake?”
Cassie’s voice sounded shaky. Frightened.
“What’s up?” I said, my own voice casual. At the same time praying that no one else in my house
had picked up the phone. “Those math problems giving you a hard time?”
Cassie forced a laugh. “No. Just can’t sleep again. You know, same old thing.”
“Try counting sheep. I bet before you get to thirty you’ll be asleep.”
“Good idea. Thanks, Jake. See you.”
Cassie hung up the phone.
I had a half hour to get from the subdivision where I live with my family to the farm Cassie
shares with her parents.
Who knew when I’d be back. Forget about getting any more sleep.
I stripped off my pajamas in the dark.
Opened my window wide.
Gave one last glance over my shoulder at the closed door of my bedroom. No lights on in the
hallway. Good.
Then I looked out at the star-studded night and concentrated on the image of a bird.
Peregrine falcon.
I began to shrink. From a normal human kid, maybe a bit larger than average, to a one-foot-high
human kid.
I heard my internal organs changing. A squirmy sound, like a rumbling stomach, a sound you feel
more than hear.
It’s a big change going from human to bird. Nothing ends up where it starts out. You go from a
system designed to eat a bit of this and a bit of that, all well-chewed, to a system designed to swallow
whole mice and poop out the bones and fur.
My own bones, my big, solid human bones shrank and hollowed out. Finger bones relatively
longer, leg bones shorter, breast bone huge.
My skin tightened over the new skeleton. Flesh melted, ran together, like hot wax. I had wings
instead of arms. Skinny legs and dangerous talons.
Gray-and-white feather patterns etched themselves onto my still semisoft skin, then raised into
three dimensions.
Fleshy human nose and mouth blurred, ran together, then extended out to become a hard beak. My
eyes became smaller in absolute terms, but much larger in relative terms.
I was ready.
I hopped onto my desk. From there, onto the windowsill. And then I flew.
My name is Jake.
We’re not supposed to like it, this power we have. We being me, my best bud Marco, my cousin
Rachel, Cassie and Tobias and Ax. We’re not supposed to like it, but mostly I do. This power to
morph. To touch an animal and by doing so acquire its DNA. To become that animal at will.
In the wrong hands this incredible power can be seriously abused. In our own fumbling,
uncertain human hands this power is both a privilege and a curse.