Chapter 1
My name is Cassie.
I can’t tell you my last name. I wish I could. It’s kind of a nice last name.
And I can’t tell you where I live or the true names of my friends. Why? Because the enemy never
stops looking for us.
The enemy. The Yeerks. They’re everywhere.
The Yeerks: a parasitic species from a far-distant planet. All they are is little gray slugs, really.
I’ve seen them in their natural state. They look like big snails without the shell. You could squash one
under your foot and it would be helpless to stop you.
But the Yeerks don’t live out their lives as slugs. Like I said, they are parasites. See, they enter
the head of another species, flatten themselves out, and wrap themselves around the brain. And then
they take control.
That’s what we call a Controller. A human who isn’t exactly human anymore. Or a member of
any species that is controlled by the Yeerk in its head.
Maybe you think what I’ve just told you sounds crazy. I guess if I were you, I’d think it was
pretty insane. But sometimes even the craziest things happen to be true.
The Yeerks are here. Everywhere. If you think you don’t know someone who is a Controller,
you’re probably wrong.
The school bus driver, the police officer in the patrol car, the minister in the pulpit, the newsman
on TV
, the rock star in the music video, the person who smiles at you when you ride by on your bike -
any one of them might be a Controller. Your teacher, your friend, your sister, your mother and father.
Any of them. All of them. And you’ll never know. Until it’s too late.
Until it is too late for planet Earth.
We fight them. But we’re just a handful of kids - Jake, Rachel, Marco, Tobias, Ax, and me. We
have some special powers, but we know we can’t win this alone. We fight in the hope that someday -
someday soon - the Andalites will return and help us.
It was an Andalite prince named Elfangor who gave us our powers. He was dying. He was
desperate. He wanted to do something to help doomed humanity.
He gave us the power to morph. To absorb the DNA of any animal we could touch. To become
that animal.
So we fight the Yeerks and all their Controllers. The human-Controllers who may once have
been our friends and relations. The evil, cannibalistic Taxxon-Controllers, those huge centipedes with
their open, gnashing mouths and foul smell. And the deadly, dangerous, but formerly good creatures
called Hork-Bajir - the enslaved foot soldiers of the Yeerk empire.
And we fight Visser Three. Leader of the Yeerk invasion of Earth. The only Andalite-Controller
in existence. The only Yeerk who, like us, has the power to morph.
The murderer of Elfangor. A killer. A destroyer. The creature who would make slaves of all
humans and destroy our planet.
Unless someone stops him. Unless we stop him.
Five ordinary kids and a young Andalite we call Ax, against all the might of the Yeerk empire.
We call ourselves Animorphs.
We’re only supposed to use our power for fighting the Yeerks. But there are times when it comes
in handy for other things.