Chapter 1
I’m Jake.
Just Jake. You don’t need to know my last name, and I can’t tell you, anyway. My story is full of
small lies. I’ve changed people’s names. I’ve changed the names of places. I’ve changed small details
here and there.
But the big stuff is true.
All of it.
The Yeerks are here. On Earth. That is true.
The Yeerks have made Controllers of many humans. They have inserted their gross, sluglike
bodies into people’s brains, and made them into slaves - Controllers. That is true.
Controllers are everywhere. My town. Your town. Everywhere.
They can be anyone. The policeman on the corner. The teacher in your school. Your best friend.
Your mother or father. Your brother.
I know. Because my brother Tom is one of them.
Tom is a Controller. A slave to the Yeerk in his head. If he knew who I really was - what I really
was - he would have me killed. Or turned into a Controller, like him.
That’s what my world is like now. A world where the enemy is everywhere. Even sitting across
from me at the breakfast table on a Saturday morning, which is when this part of the story begins.
“Hey, midget, what’s up?” Tom asked as I sat down. That’s one of the things he calls me.
Actually I’m kind of big for my age. Almost as big as Tom. But it’s a joke we’ve had for years. You
know how it is.
“Not much,” I said. “What’s up with you?”
“Oh, I’m going to a meeting.”
“The Sharing?” I asked, trying to sound casual. The Sharing is this group that tries to pretend like
it’s some kind of combined Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts. It’s really a front organization for
Controllers. The leadership council of The Sharing is made up of high-ranking Controllers.
“Yeah. We’re doing some cleanup in the park. You know, do our part for the community and all.
Then we’re having a barbecue afterward.” He gave me a serious look. “You really should join, you
know. We’d get to spend more time together.”
I felt a wave of sickness. I tried not to show it. It wasn’t Tom talking. It was the Yeerk in his
head. The Yeerk who wanted to take my body and use it as a host for one of his fellow slugs.
As I sat there across the table from him, I was trying to decide something. I was trying to decide
whether I would have to ever destroy him. Destroy my brother, who was not my brother. Not
anymore.
“Maybe I will join some day,” I said. Like when hell freezes over, I added silently. I poured
myself some Wheaties and milk. “So you’ll be out for a while?”
“All morning. Mom and Dad are out playing tennis, you’ll have the house to yourself. Throw a
party.”
“Uh-huh,” I said, and spooned up some cereal.
It was hard not to just yell at him. To let him know that I knew all about him. What he was. What
he was doing.
At least, some of what he was doing. I had been spying on my brother. He was rising fast in the
leadership of The Sharing. He was a very loyal Controller. The Yeerk in his head had been promoted.