Chapter 1
My name is Tobias. Still a freak of nature. Part human. Part bird. Confused? Don’t worry, it gets
better.
I am flying over the forest. The air is thick. A storm is approaching. It is only early afternoon, but
the sky is growing black as the front moves in on the city. A towering wall of rain, wind, and cumulus
clouds.
I had to find food before the storm. I was hungry. But then, I’m always looking for food. That’s
life for a bird of prey. Hunger.
A shrew stepped out from its burrow. It loitered nervously, sniffing the moisture. We had the
same thought, me and the shrew. Hunker down against nature’s wrath, but fill your belly first.
I was higher on the food chain. I tucked into a dive.
My wings pressed tight to my body. Air whistled past. Mountains, forest, and sky. All a blur, a
flashing streak. Everything but the shrew, shifting agitatedly, chomping on a seed …
My talons struck, embedded, and squeezed. Drained life instantly.
Wonder what it’s like? Dig your fingernails into a too-ripe peach. Rip sections off with your
teeth. Gulp them without chewing. The kill is something like that.
I downed the shrew and lifted off.
I don’t think about the kill anymore. I’m hawk and human. I’ll explain later. Just try to understand
that the hawk must feed the human. It has to happen.
I don’t think about it anymore.
That’s a lie.
“Y
ou vile little bird! Do you realize what you’ve done? Do you realize what you’ve become?
Y
ou’re trapped! Y
ou have to live out your life as a bird!”
Her name was Taylor. My Yeerk torturer. Her voice screeching. Bruising my ears. Tormenting
me after every kill. Other times, too. Still, after all this time …
THWOK! THWOK! THWOK! THWOK!
A helicopter! Hovering low over the trees, dispersing terrified crows in all directions. If I were
a true hawk, I’d have cleared out with the other birds. Instead, I circled around and flapped toward
the turbulence.
My friends, the Animorphs, the ones who fight the Yeerk invasion of Earth, say that since my
capture, I live too much of life in my head. They must be right. I’d almost missed everything.
Not just the helicopter. The humans below, streaming across rough forest floor, the tires of their
ATV’s scoring the soil. The searchlights streaking the trees in the daytime darkness, making rabbits
and deer dart in alarm.
I flew to the nearest ranger station. It was ringed by squad cars and TV news vans. I swooped
down, closer to the action. Landed on a low branch. A blond woman in a raincoat held a microphone
close to her lips and swatted windwhipped hair away from her face.
“Bobby McIntire,” she shouted above the noise of the vehicles, “missing now for two full days
since he wandered away from his camping party. Hope that he’ll be found alive is fading. But it’s not
just a race against time and the weather.” Lightning struck the sky above her, imparting urgency to her
words. “Little Bobby is deaf and can’t hear the desperate calls of rescuers. Kelly King,” she
concluded, looking skyward, “reporting live.” She held a frozen, concerned expression until the
producer gave her the all clear.