Chapter 1
My name is Jake. That's my first name, obviously. I can't tell you my last name. It would be too
dangerous. The Controllers are everywhere. Everywhere. And if they knew my full name, they could
find me and my friends, and then . . . well, let's just say I don't want them to find me. What they do to
people who resist them is too horrible to think about.
I won't even tell you where I live. You'll just have to trust me that it is a real place, a real town.
It may even be your town.
I'm writing this all down so that more people will learn the truth. Maybe then, somehow, the
human race can survive until the Andalites return and rescue us, as they promised they would.
Maybe.
My life used to be pretty normal. Normal, that is, until one Friday night at the mall. I was there
with Marco, my best friend. We were playing video games and hanging out at this cool store that sells
comic books and stuff. The usual.
Marco and I had run out of quarters for the games, right when he was ahead by a lot of points.
Mostly, we're equally good at games. I have Sega at home so I get lots of practice time in, but Marco
has this amazing ability to analyze games and figure out all the little tricks. So sometimes he beats me.
Or maybe I just wasn't concentrating very well. I'd had kind of a bad day at school. I'd tried out
for the basketball team and I didn't make the cut.
It was like no big deal, really. Except that Tom - he's my big brother - he was this total legend on
the junior high basketball team. Now he's the main scorer for the high school team. So everyone
expected me to make the team easy. Only I didn't.
Like I said, no big thing. But it was on my mind, just the same. Lately, Tom and I hadn't been
hanging out as much. Not like we used to. So I figured, you know, if I got his old position on the team .
. .
Well, anyway, we were out of money and getting ready to head home when we ran into Tobias.
Tobias was . . . I mean, I guess he still is kind of a strange guy. He was new at school, and he wasn't
the toughest kid around, so he got picked on a lot.
I actually met Tobias when he had his head in a toilet. There were these two big guys holding
him down and laughing while they flushed, sending Tobias's straggly blond hair swirling around the
bowl. I told the two creeps to step off, and ever since then, Tobias figured I was his friend.
"What's up?" Tobias asked.
I shrugged. "Not much. We're heading home."
"Out of quarters," Marco commented. "Certain people keep forgetting that the SleazeTroll shows
up right after you cross the Nether Fjord. So certain people keep losing the game - and losing our
quarter." Marco kept jerking his thumb at me, just in case Tobias couldn't figure out who he meant by
"certain people."
"So, like maybe I'll walk home with you guys," Tobias said.
I said sure. Why not?
We were heading for the exit when I spotted Rachel and Cassie. Rachel is kind of pretty, I guess.
I mean, okay, she's very pretty, although, since she is my cousin, I don't really think about her that way.
She has blond hair and blue eyes and that kind of very clean, very wholesome look. She's one of those
people who always know the right clothes to wear and how to look like they just walked out of one of
those fashion magazines girls like. She's also very graceful because she takes gymnastics, even though