Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
I’m tall. I’m blond. And I’m standing on a balance beam, trying to get up the nerve to do a
forward roll.
Trying to be normal.
Although when you think about it, what’s normal about a human somersaulting along on a
slippery, narrow, wooden tightrope?
Nothing, that’s what. Forget the forward roll.
Hey, reckless in battle keeps me alive. Reckless in the gym just breaks bones.
And to keep fighting, I need to stay in one piece. Survival always comes first. So you know I
won’t tell you my last name or where I live. That information would get me and my friends killed.
Not that we’d go down without a fight, of course, but still …
We’re five kids and an Andalite who, as I see it, have to hold on to the three major things we’ve
got going for us.
The ability to morph by acquiring animal DNA.
Anonymity. Nobody knows who we are.
The home team advantage.
So far, it’s been enough to keep us alive and to seriously aggravate the Yeerks, a parasitic
species here to enslave Earth.
If the Yeerks had a “Most Wanted” list, we would top it. They want us bad. Maybe they’d kill us.
Maybe they’d do what they’ve done to so many humans: crawl into our heads and take over our
brains. Make us Controllers.
A Controller is someone enslaved by a Yeerk, and they’re everywhere. They’re people you
know. People you trust.
Our vice principal, Mr. Chapman.
My cousin, Tom.
Teachers, TV anchorwomen, cops, FedEx drivers, waiters, students, construction workers. All
walking around like they’re perfectly normal. Persuading their friends and families to join The
Sharing, the Yeerks’ cover organization.
And once you’re in, there’s usually only one way out.
You become a Controller.
You walk and talk the same. You have the same memories. You still chew gum in class and toss
brussels sprouts back into the serving bowl when you think your mother isn’t looking.
Only it isn’t you doing any of it. The real you is caged up inside your head, helpless, screaming
silently at the Yeerk slug holding you hostage.
Become a Controller, and you have no will of your own.
I will never surrender my free will.
This is why we fight. And to be honest, I like a good fight. The adrenaline spike of battle. The
rush. The challenge.
And now that I’ve admitted that, I’ll admit something else: Lately, it’s been scaring me that I like
it. That I look forward to it so much.
My father thinks I’m as tough as any boy. My cousin Jake says my specialty is kicking butt.
Marco calls me Xena, Warrior Princess, and jokes that I’m always the first to want to fight.