Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
I’ve always kind of liked my name. Marco. It brings Marco Polo to mind. Not that my last name
is Polo. Or maybe it is. I’m not going to tell you.
None of us will tell you our last names. None of us Animorphs. Or where we live. Or anything
else that would help the Yeerks find us.
Yeerks? What are Y
eerks? you wonder.
I’ll tell you. They are a species of parasites. Like tapeworms, only worse. See, Yeerks don’t just
crawl up inside your stomach or intestines. They crawl inside your brain. They sink their malleable
bodies into the nooks and crannies of your brain. They tie straight into your brain’s neurons. They
control your brain. They control you more completely than it is possible for you to imagine.
You think, Oh, well, I would still be able to keep control over myself. But you’d be wrong. See,
if you had a Yeerk in your head right now, it would be the Yeerk that would be moving your hands and
fingers; the Yeerk who’d be focusing your eyes; the Yeerk who’d be deciding if you were hungry.
The Yeerks enter your brain and make you a slave. They open your memories and read them like
a book. You can still think, sure. You can still feel. You can be afraid or angry or humiliated. But you
can do nothing on your own. It is a slavery more total than any ever experienced on Earth. But then,
the Yeerks aren’t from Earth.
People with Yeerks in their heads are called Controllers. Human-Controllers, if the Yeerk has
taken over a human. Hork-Bajir-Controllers, when the victim is a Hork-Bajir. Although pretty much
all Hork-Bajir are Controllers, so we don’t really bother to say “Hork-Bajir-Controllers.”
We fight the Yeerk invasion led by the evil creature, Visser Three. Five human kids and an
Andalite kid. We’re the only people who know what’s happening. Just us. And the Yeerks, of course.
And how do we fight? With the morphing power given to us by a dying Andalite prince. The
power to become any animal we can touch.
The power to morph.
How do you know who is a Controller and who isn’t? That’s the problem. You don’t. You can
look deep into the eyes of the person you trust most and never, ever guess that behind those eyes is an
alien parasite.
Now you know why I won’t tell you my last name. Or where I live. Not even what state. See, I
want to live. I want to live to fight.
And one day, I want to live to rescue the one person who matters most to me. The person whose
eyes I looked into for years without knowing she was no longer my mother.
But being an Animorph is not always danger and battle. There are other times when the powers
we possess can be useful. Even fun.
And on a nice Wednesday afternoon after school, I was at the mall with the others, doing just
that: having fun. And we weren’t at the usual, everyday mall. This was the new, massive Mega Mall
they’d built across town.
It was Cassie’s idea, oddly enough. Normally she’d be the last person to ever cook up a
harebrained scheme. But this involved mistreating animals. And you don’t want to mess with animals
when Cassie is around.
“Squuuaaaakk! The food is good! The food is good! Squuuaaakkk!”
It was me, Jake, Cassie, Tobias, Rachel, and Ax. Ax was in human morph, of course. So was