Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
And I am to cuisine what Sammy Sosa is to baseball.
When it’s my night to make dinner, I don’t order in. I don’t crack open a can of Chef Boyardee
and call that a meal. Please.
I go the extra mile.
I use the oven.
I know. You’re saying to yourself, “But, Marco, man, you’re fighting a war against alien
invaders. You and your friends, you guys battle Yeerks twenty-four seven. How do you find the time
to cook?!”
It isn’t easy. But with a little help from the freezer aisle and a guy I know called Red Baron, it’s
a lot simpler than it could be.
Plus, this particular night, I was trying to make my stepmom feel, well, glad that she’d married
my dad. Even if I wasn’t one hundred percent behind the whole thing, she made my dad happy. That’s
worth something.
A car pulled into the driveway, a car door closed, heels clipped up the sidewalk. Nora, my
stepmother.
I threw three paper plates on the table, spread out some silverware, grabbed cups and a block of
napkins. Nora doesn’t go for paper plates, but hey, it wasn’t her night to do the dishes.
The door opened. I heard a sigh, the sound of a heavy bag dropped to the foyer floor.
“Hey,” I called.
“Hey,” Nora called back. “That faculty meeting lasted far longer than it …” The smell of Red
Baron’s home cooking met her nostrils, no doubt. “Marco!” she cried, entering the kitchen. “You’re
really making dinner!” She glanced at the paper plates and decided not to comment. “You’re the
stepson of my dreams.”
The woman was a math teacher. I would never really understand her. And now she was going
goopy on me.
I forced a smile. “Crazy, isn’t it?”
Another car pulled into the drive. Whistling, then rapid steps up the walk.
I grabbed a few sodas from the fridge.
The front door opened. Dad was all spring-in-his-step, a big smile plastered across his face. His
cheeks were flushed. He looked like he’d just struck oil.
“Hello, family!”
Okay, that was more enthusiasm than I wanted to see. And the word family, when applied to
anyone but me, Dad, and my real mom, would always sound very weird. To worsen the nausea, Dad
pulled a bouquet of flowers from behind his back.
They were not for me.
I think there was a kiss. Maybe some mushy whispers. I don’t know. I looked away. I see enough
of the “power of love” between Jake and Cassie, and Rachel and Tobias.
“What’s the occasion?” Nora giggled like a middle-schooler and sat at the table.
“Oh, nothing,” Dad said, beaming at her from the chair opposite. “You’re just the most
wonderful woman in the world.”
“I know better than that.” Her adult voice reemerged as she set the flowers aside. “What’s gotten