Prologue
“Honey?”
No answer. My husband was watching a game on television. He was preoccupied.
“Honey?” I repeated, adding more urgency to my tone of voice.
He looked over. Smiled sheepishly. “What’s up?”
“Marco’s fever is down. I think he’s basically over this thing. He’s asleep. Anyway, I was
thinking of getting some fresh air.”
He muted the television. “Good idea. It’s tough when they’re sick, huh? Kids. He’s okay, though,
huh?”
“It’s just a virus.”
“Yeah, well, take some time, you’ve been carrying the load. And if you’re going to the store -”
“Actually, I think I’ll go down to the marina.”
He laughed and shook his head. “Ever since you bought that boat … I think Marco has some
competition as the favorite child in this household.” He frowned. “You’re not taking it out, are you?
Looks kind of gloomy out.”
I made a smile. “Just want to make sure it’s well secured, check the ropes and all.”
He was back with the game. He winced at some error made by his preferred team. “Uh-huh.
Okay.”
I stepped back, turned, and walked down the hall. The door to Marco’s room was ajar. I paused
to look inside. I almost couldn’t do otherwise because the other voice in my head, the beaten-down,
repressed human voice, was alive and screaming and screaming at me, begging me, pleading <No!
No! No!>
Marco was still asleep. Or pretending to be. A good-looking kid, but small. Already, in his early
adolescence, the stamp of failure was on him. He was too sweet-natured and trusting to ever make it
very far in a hard world. A world that would only grow harder for humans.
Much harder, if I had my way.
I looked at him, one last time, as the voice in my head kept begging and begging. <Let me at least
say good-bye, let me hold him one last time, let me kiss him, oh my God, no, no, don’t do this!>
But that was only a voice. The voice of someone who no longer had a say in what I did with this
body, this life.
I left the house. I drove the car to the marina.
The wind was coming up. Earth really does have fascinating weather. So many different
permutations. Blazing heat and brain-numbing cold; storms that bring violent winds or driving snows
or rains so heavy they blot out all light.
I climbed out of the car and sauntered jauntily along to the boat, a small sailboat tied up halfway
down the pier. Much bigger boats were tied up on either side. That was okay. I had all the boat I
needed.
I climbed aboard and cast off the lines. I winched up the mainsail and took the tiller. I didn’t use
the engine, not even for getting out of the marina. Anyone could guide a powerboat. It took skill to
sail.
Sailing was one of the best things about being in a human. It was such a perfect blend of power
and subtlety, bending to the inevitable and yet resisting great forces. Dangerous and exhilarating. You
skimmed along between sea and sky, a part of each, trusting neither.