Chapter 1
My name is Tobias.
That’s my name. But names don’t really tell you much, do they? I’ve known two Rachels. One
was this whiny, obnoxious person. The other Rachel - the one I know now - is the bravest person I’ve
ever known.
But you’d think that my telling you my name is Tobias would at least tell you that I’m human,
wouldn’t you? You’d assume I have arms and legs and a face and a mouth. But names don’t even tell
you that.
I am not human.
I was human once. I was born a human. There are human characteristics within me. And I can
become a human for two hours at a time. But I am not human.
I am a red-tailed hawk. A very common species of hawk, nothing exotic. Red-tails tend to live in
woods near an open field or meadow. We hunt best that way: by sitting on a tree branch, gazing out
across the field, spotting prey, then swooping in quickly for the kill.
That’s what I do. I live in the trees near a very nice meadow. Unfortunately, the hunting has been
bad lately. Partly that’s just the way it goes. There are good times and bad times in the predator
business.
But more, it’s competition. Another red-tail has been moving in on my territory. He’s been eating
my mice. Between him and the minor drought we’ve been having, food’s getting a little scarce.
Stupid, huh? Stupid that I’d worry about something like that. I mean, I have powers far greater
than that other red-tail. I can morph to human. I can morph to any animal. I could morph to some
member of the feline family or some kind of snake and take out the red-tail.
Only I don’t.
I could confront the other hawk. Red-tail to red-tail. We could fight it out.
Only I don’t.
I don’t do anything. Pretty soon he’ll make a move on me, push me aside. Maybe then I’ll have to
figure out what to do. But right now, I don’t do anything. I just go hungry.
I could go to the others for help. To Rachel and the other Animorphs, my friends. But how weak
is that? How can I go begging for help to deal with a situation I should be able to handle myself?
I sat on my branch, in my tree, and watched the dry grass. I watched as only a hawk can watch.
With telescope eyes and a mind that never grows tired of looking for the clues to a kill.
I waited and watched and listened. A twitch of a grass stalk. A slight puff of rising dust. The
faint sounds of tiny feet scrabbling in the dirt.
And from time to time I looked across the meadow at him. At the other hawk. He was a hundred
yards away. The length of a football field. But I could see him clearly. It was like looking in a far-
distant mirror. The angry, yellow-brown eyes. The wickedly curved beak. The sharp talons dug into
the bark of a branch.
He looked at me. Our eyes met. He was pure hawk. I was … I was that unique, misfit creature
called Tobias.
<No,> I said to him, though of course he understood nothing. <No, I won’t use my morphing
powers against you. It will be me and you. Hawk against hawk.>
He returned his gaze to the field. So did I. I had long since marked the burrow of a rabbit and its
family. Three baby rabbits had survived. I was human enough to know that people - humans- would