Chapter 1
My name is Tobias.
And I don’t think I could have felt more uncomfortable if I’d just been asked to give an
impromptu speech on the French Revolution in front of an all-school assembly.
Well, okay. I guess that would be pretty bad. But this Friday night was definitely right up there.
Back when I was a regular kid, school dances made me a little uneasy. I’ve always been a loner
and all, and they just weren’t my thing. But now! Now that I spent most of my life as a red-tailed
hawk - hunting, flying, protecting my meadow - dances made me feel even weirder.
Bird-boy at the ball.
Why had I let Rachel talk me into this? I mean, what do you do with your arms? They just
dangled there. Stiff. Awkward. And my eyes! I’d fix a stare on someone and forget, until it was too
late, that people tend not to do that. A big, burly redhead noticed as the raptor in me burned a hole
through his girlfriend.
“Jerk!”
Oops. Hard to remember I wasn’t perched in a tree a half mile away.
I’d been cool enough at the last school dance. That was more of a group thing, I guess. Tonight it
was … I don’t know … a date? No, no, no. We were all there. Pretending to be acquaintances.
I looked ridiculous, I was sure of it. And I was sure that everyone else thought so, too.
Did Rachel?
I glanced at her. She seemed impatient. Angry almost, as she surveyed the dimly lit gym in an
absent yet determined way. They’d taped some helium balloons to the bleachers and draped strings of
multicolored lights from the basketball hoops. We were down at the far end next to the deejay. So
close to the speaker my eardrums were numb.
Rachel was as beautiful as ever. Really. I mean I wouldn’t tell her this, but she made the other
girls look pretty plain. Her gold hair gleamed in the strobe light. Her bright eyes caught mine. I knew
she wanted me to dance with her. I just couldn’t do it. My human body was sweating. I felt confined. I
needed air. I looked away.
Did I mention that my name is Tobias?
Just Tobias. Even if it were safe to tell you my last name, I’m not sure I’d know what to say.
Whether it would be a human name, an Andalite name, or just “Hawk.” I don’t know. Because, see,
I’m a little of each.
“Let’s kick it. boys and girls!”
My friend Marco unlike me, was in paradise. He was belting out lyrics like his first name was
“Ice” or something.
He slide-stepped toward us, spun around and stopped, squealing his sneaker on the gym floor.
He froze with one finger pointed at me and one at Rachel.
She glared at him “Some kind of chemical imbalance, Marco?”
“Hah. Hah. And also a bonus hah,” He grinned “This is a natural high. A good music high. A
lots-of-girls-in-short-skirts high, A people laughing high. This is fun. Do you two remember fun?”
Rachel caught my eye again. Again I looked away, up at the clock. Twenty minutes left in morph.
Not much time.
“You need to cut loose, my friends,” Marco continued in a meaningful tone. “It’s all about
rhythm. You gotta commune with the rhythm, step inside the beat.”