Chapter 1
My name is Jake.
But you already know who I am.
Not “Commander Jake” or “Chief Jake” or even “Captain Jake.” Just Jake. That’s what everyone
calls me, even now.
Now that my entire life is devoted to strategy, and preparation and battle against the Yeerks.
It’s my job to keep us alive. It’s my job to think about the moral and practical consequences of
our actions.
I like to think I’m not one of those guys with a huge ego. But sometimes I feel like no one notices
what I’m doing. And it bothers me. Both that no one notices and that I care.
Okay, I get “Prince Jake,” but only from Ax.
Definitely not at home.
“Jake!” My mom. “Thank goodness you’re home. It’s about to storm and I’m late to pick up
Homer from the vet. Where have you been?”
Mom doesn’t have a clue about the Yeerks. I’d like to keep it that way.
“Out,” I said. Exhaustion can make you act like a jerk.
Truth is, it’s been months since I slept a full night. There’s no time for sound sleep anymore.
Rachel, Cassie, and I barely make it to school these days. Marco and Tobias don’t make it at all.
Because the Yeerks are on the move. Big time.
Ax monitors the Yeerks’ Z-space transmissions day and night. Most of the important stuff is too
carefully encrypted for even Ax to decode using cobbled-together, human-made components. But little
pieces of casual conversation point to one thing. Something major. Something huge.
As if we needed Z-space eavesdropping to tell us what was already abundantly clear.
The end is near.
We don’t know when or how it will come. But we know it’s coming.
When the Yeerks attacked a U.S. aircraft carrier not long ago, they took a huge and semi-public
step toward all-out, full-scale invasion.
We managed to hurt the effort enough to make the Yeerks retreat. But they definitely haven’t
given up.
“Listen carefully.” Mom grabbed her keys, put them in her purse. “It’s going to start raining any
minute. I want you to close all the windows in the house right away. Then I need you to clear out the
storage room in the basement.”
And I’d been hoping to catch five minutes on the couch. “Uh, Mom? Can’t I do that tomorrow?
Please?”
“Nope. The contractor’s coming first thing in the morning to give an estimate on the new rec-
room. Besides, it’ll earn you twenty bucks.”
Mom pulled on her rain jacket. “I piled some storage boxes at the top of the stairs. If you want a
cozy place for you and your friends to hang out, I suggest you get to work.”
Cozy place. I almost laughed out loud. There wasn’t going to be a cozy place anywhere if we
didn’t come up with a plan to stop the Yeerk invasion.
I opened the door to the basement. A tall stack of cardboard boxes blocked my way. Fine. I was
leader of a group of resistance fighters, Earth’s only hope for freedom, and I had to clean the
basement to earn a lousy twenty bucks. Talk about irony.