Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
Rachel no last name. Rachel no address. Just Rachel.
It’s a big, bad world out there, boys and girls. At least my world is. Lions and tigers and bears
… and those are my friends.
Joke. Sorry, I’m not very good at jokes.
Here’s what you need to know: Earth is under attack. Earth is being invaded. Yes, by aliens.
I know. It sounds like fiction. It sounds like something you’d hear from the crazy lady pushing the
shopping cart full of cans down the street. I wish I had a more believable story to tell but all I can do
is tell the truth.
The truth is that Homo sapiens, humans, me and you, have been targeted by an alien species
called Yeerks.
They’re a parasitic species. Not predators looking to kill, kill, kill, hovering over our cities and
blowing up the Statue of Liberty or whatever. The Yeerks don’t want us dead. They don’t want our
land or our natural resources. They don’t want to barbecue our livers.
What they want is us.
They’re nothing but gray slugs in their natural state. Helpless. You could put on your
Timberlands and stomp a couple thousand of them on the sidewalk.
Except that the Yeerks aren’t content to live as slugs. They infest healthy host bodies, they enter
the brain, they wrap themselves around the brain and sink into the little crevices. They control the
brain. Utterly.
Once they have you, once they’ve made you a Controller, you don’t focus your own eyes, or
move your own fingers, or draw your own breath. You are powerless. Like being totally paralyzed,
only your eyes are still seeing and your mouth is laughing and your hands are reaching out to choke the
life from someone you love.
They’re here. They’re not E.T. They’re not cute. And we, my friends and I, are the only people
who know, and just about all that stands between the Yeerks and total world conquest.
Wow. Depressing, huh?
Fortunately, we are not powerless. The Yeerks aren’t the only aliens with an interest in Earth.
There are the Andalites as well. Night and day. Evil and not evil.
The Andalites may not all be saints, but one of them, a warrior named Elfangor, gave us the
Andalite technology that allows us to morph. To acquire the DNA of any animal we touch and then to
become that animal.
Morphing: power wrapped up in a nightmare.
And yet, there are times when morphing has certain advantages beyond fighting the Yeerks in
their various host bodies.
I was on some rocks, some very wet rocks at the base of a cliff, down by the water. North of
town the beaches give way to tumbled rocks and eventually to tall cliffs topped with condos and
homes for millionaires.
This particular section of shoreline was public. It was condos to the south, and mansions to the
north, but right for about a half mile it was just nature. Big pockmarked boulders and water spraying
up and drenching me with each wave, and a chilly breeze raising goose bumps on my bare skin.
It was better than being in school. I mean, who doesn’t prefer a field trip over another day in the