Chapter 1
My name is Tobias. And I was one hungry bird.
I was perched in a tree at the edge of my meadow. A meadow grown crisp and brown from too
many days without rain. The sun blazed overhead. Wind whispered through the weeds.
And among the rippling stalks, one, then two twisted slightly in another direction. I dug my
talons into the bark of the branch and waited.
Listened.
Mouse feet scrabbled against hard-packed dirt. Mouse teeth chewed through the shell of a seed.
Chewed. Stopped. Scrabbled.
Stopped.
I waited.
Nothing. No sound. No movement. The mouse remained still. Also listening? Waiting?
I tensed. Cocked my head.
And thought, not for the first time, about the irony of my hunt. In my old life, my life as a boy, I
was the mouse. The prey. Stalked by predators bent on flushing my head down the men’s room toilet.
Scurrying to find a hiding place. Rarely succeeding.
Another irony: In my old life, my life as prey, food was not a problem. I was on the free lunch
program at school. So I knew exactly where my next meal was coming from. Overheated ladies in
hair nets slapped it on a tray and handed it to me.
Movement. Small. A single blade of grass tipped toward a bare patch of dirt. Claws scritched
against earth.
The mouse was coming out into the open.
I opened my wings, pushed off the branch, and circled, high above the meadow, then began to
descend. My shadow grew larger and darker over the patch of dirt.
Weeds twitched, first one, then the next, as the mouse moved closer to open ground.
Dust billowed out from the undergrowth. Then a nose. Brown. Whiskered. I raked my talons
forward.
The mouse scuttled out, completely unprotected now. I dropped. In a split second the mouse
would be mine. In a split second my hunger would be -
No!
Scales. A flash of yellow. Fangs sinking into the mouse’s flesh.
That’s when I heard it. An ominous rattle.
Yeah. Like I needed a warning. I flapped hard and rose, talons empty. I was hungry but I wasn’t
stupid. I wouldn’t fight a six-foot rattlesnake over a poisoned mouse.
I climbed higher, glided above the meadow, and watched the snake devour my lunch. A
diamondback that had lain coiled, waiting, motionless, in the very spot I’d been watching. In the
meadow. My meadow.
I circled and swooped back to my branch.
Would a normal hawk have seen it? Maybe. Probably.
Your normal red-tailed hawk, equipped with the standard-issue hawk brain, has a basic train of
thought. Hunger. Food. Kill. Eat. Brilliant in its simplicity. The hawk is not distracted by ironic
musings. The hawk doesn’t reminisce about toilets and school cafeterias.
But I’m not a normal hawk. I’m not a normal anything. I’m a kid trapped in a bird’s body. Like