Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
There’s a person in the Bible named Rachel. I don’t know if my being called Rachel has anything
to do with her. I doubt it. I’ve never seen my parents reading the Bible.
There’s a Rachel on Friends. What’s up with this season’s stringy hair? Weird.
And there are, at any given time, approximately five Rachels in my school. At least two of whom
are failing phys ed.
Maybe your name is Rachel, too.
It’s a popular name. Lots of girls have it. Even girls who can manage to throw a basketball
through a hoop from the foul line.
But I’m different from every other Rachel you’ve ever met.
And it’s not just because the dorkier kids in school think I have a seriously bad attitude. Which I
do. So what?
My being different from every other kid named Rachel is not necessarily a good thing. Or a bad
thing. It just … is.
Sometimes - very rarely - I wish I were just one of the thousands of Rachels out there living an
average life. One of the mass of average kids in average middle schools in average, all-American
towns.
Actually, I wish that very, very rarely. I’m not thrilled with average. I don’t do average well.
It’s only when I’m seriously exhausted that - for about half a second - I wish I were just an
ordinary Rachel. Like when I’ve been going on no sleep for forty-eight hours. When I’ve been
slashing and shredding the enemy and leaking blood from my own gaping wounds until I can hardly
breathe without it hurting. When the very thought of sleep seems totally foreign.
Sleep? Huh? I don’t wish it after a typical, everyday kind of mission. Just after the really
annoying ones. The ones where we lose more than we gain. The ones where we fail to do any serious
damage to the Yeerks.
Then, I wish - for about half a second - I were nobody special.
That I’d never stumbled onto the tragic sight of a dying alien warrior prince.
That he’d never told us about the Yeerk invasion of Earth. That he’d never chosen us - me, my
cousin Jake, my best friend Cassie, Jake’s best bud Marco, and this shy, compelling kid named Tobias
- to adopt the noble Andalite mission.
That he’d never given us the gift and curse of Andalite morphing technology. The ability to touch
an animal and absorb its DNA, all for the purpose of becoming that animal when necessary.
To fight off the invaders. To stave off the fate that has befallen so many other worlds through-out
the universe.
A fate worse than death.
Total subservience to a mind-controlling master race.
You know what really infuriates me? This powerful enemy doesn’t even stand on its own two
feet.
The Yeerks are a race of parasitic slugs. No ears, eyes, mouths. No arms or legs. Just gray,
viscous flesh. And the repulsive ability - need, really - to attach their otherwise helpless bodies to the
brains of sentient creatures. To slither into the head through the ear canal. To flatten, lengthen, press
themselves into every crevice and wrinkle of the brain. Like clay being pushed into a mold.