Chapter 1
<They’re going after the elementary school,> Tobias said.
<They’re going after everything,> I answered.
<Why are they doing this? It makes no sense,> Tobias said. <It’s not just brutal; it’s stupid.
Pointless destruction.>
The nearest Bug fighter swooped low and slow. It fired its Dracon beams and the two-story gym
exploded into charred stucco and twisted steel beams.
It drifted almost casually above the tired old low-slung classrooms and fired again, dragging the
beam end-to-end along the buildings.
<They’re sending a message,> I said. <Mess with us and this is what we do.>
We had destroyed the Yeerk pool. The Yeerk pool was now the world’s biggest sinkhole. It
looked like a crater. It was a crater, with half the mall in ruins on one slope, jumbled bits of fast-food
restaurants, streetlights, ripped up concrete, cars, skinny trees, all tumbled together at the bottom. The
water of the Yeerk pool, looking like molten lead, soaked up through the dirt. An Exxon sign lay half-
submerged in it. A couple of dozen empty one-liter soda bottles drifted around like someone’s idea of
toy boats.
How many Yeerks had died? Certainly thousands. Maybe tens of thousands. How many Hork-
Bajir? How many Taxxons?
Humans?
We had tried to warn people, but the devastation had been too complete, had come too suddenly.
<It’s not a message, Big Jake,> Marco said. <The Yeerks know now that we’ll do whatever we
have to do, they know it’s all-out war. We blew up their only on-planet food supply. We’re way past
sending messages. Look: They’re drawing a circle.>
Marco was a hundred feet higher up than me. He was in osprey morph, I was in falcon, Tobias
was himself: a red-tailed hawk.
<Marco’s right,> Tobias said. <They’re making a big circle.>
More Bug fighters than I’d ever seen in one place. Maybe fifty of the things. They blasted
schools; they blasted businesses; they blasted homes and churches. The shock waves would reach us,
echoes of destruction. Pillars of smoke rose high in the air. Fires, some blazing and roaring, others
smoldering sullenly, created thermal updrafts that were bread and butter to three mismatched birds of
prey. We soared easily, effortlessly. We had the best possible seats for the show. With raptor eyes we
could see every sickening detail. We could not miss a shot, could not fail to see lovingly tended
gardens, prized homes, businesses, cars, burn as quickly and brightly as match heads.
The refugees people who had been our neighbors, friends, classmates the shocked, scared, lost
refugees fled on foot, carrying what they could, running between stalled cars. Overpasses were all
down, traffic lights all off, bridges were collapsed: Nothing with four wheels was moving.
A news helicopter was perhaps five miles off, no doubt filming and sending the pictures out live.
The Yeerks could easily shoot down the copter. They were letting it film. Maybe even piloting the
craft themselves. They wanted the world to see the violence. They wanted humans to be afraid. The
infiltration phase of the war was over, over. From now on the Yeerks would be as subtle as
sledgehammers.
I caught a rush of warm air, the thermal energy released by a burning supermarket, and I soared
higher, up and up. I could see what Marco and Tobias had understood: The Yeerks were creating a