Chapter 1
I swooped low.
This had to be it. Plane at the far gate. Two Marine guards, trying to look casual. Well, as casual
as you can get wearing combat boots and a pistol strapped to your chest.
<Jake, I think I found it. Jake?> I circled, flapped my wings to gain altitude. <Rachel? Tobias?
Anybody?>
An armored truck rumbled toward the plane. The driver stopped, showed one of the guards a
clipboard, then backed up to the cargo hold. The rear of the truck opened. Two guys in hooded yellow
coveralls climbed out. Pulled oxygen masks over their faces and unlatched the plane’s cargo door.
Okay. These guys definitely weren’t unloading souvenirs from Disneyland. If somebody was
transporting a chunk of Bug fighter wreckage, it had to be on this plane.
I caught a thermal and rose above the airport. A baggage cart trundled across the tarmac. A jet
screamed in for a landing. Guys in jumpsuits and headsets scrambled around, trying to keep the 747’s
from mowing down the commuter planes.
And everywhere I looked - seagulls. On the roof, on the tarmac, against the fence. Seagulls are
perfect cover. Part of the landscape, just like pigeons. Nobody even notices them. My own seagull
morph blended right in.
Unfortunately, Jake, Rachel, Marco, and Ax blended right in, too.
I spotted a lone gull flitting back and forth beside a hangar at the far end of the runway. Beyond
it, a red-tailed hawk sat perched on a chain-link fence.
<Tobias? Is that you?>
No answer. I didn’t really expect one. Thought-speak is sort of like a radio signal, and the hawk
was too far away to get decent reception.
I pulled my wings back and soared toward the hawk - then banked and wheeled around.
A long black car shot from the hangar and sped toward the guarded plan. It swung around the
Marines and screeched to a sideways stop in front of the armored truck, blocking it in. The car doors
opened, and four men in suits got out.
I circled, flying as low as I could without drawing attention to myself. Below me, the oxygen-
masked guys were loading a crate from the cargo hold onto the armored truck.
The suits strode across the tarmac. The leader, a tall guy with a bald spot, headed directly for the
crate, the other three suits close on his heels.
“Sir. Step away from the vehicle.” The Marines weren’t quite as casual now. They planted their
feet wide apart and reached for their pistols.
Bald Spot ignored them and poked his head inside the back of the armored truck. Either the guy
was too stupid to be afraid of weird alien diseases, or he already knew the wreckage wasn’t
dangerous. Which meant one thing.
He was a Controller.
“I repeat, step away from the vehicle.” The Marines unsnapped their holsters.
“Relax, boys.” Bald Spot left the truck and strolled toward the guards. Flashed a badge. “CIA.
We’ll take over from here.”
The Marines didn’t budge. “We’re not leaving our post, sir. We have orders.”
“Well, you have new orders now” - Bald Spot squinted at the two black stripes on the Marine’s
collar - “corporal.”