Chapter 1
Who am I?
Marco.
Not Tuan or Kevin or Rasheed. You know, “Hi, I’m Marco.”
If you yell out, “Hey, Marco!”, chances are good I’ll turn around. Respond. “What?”
You could also say that who I am is far more than a name. That who I am depends on your
perspective. On where you’re standing when you yell out to me.
Like, if you’re standing out in the everyday world - in Red Lobster on all-you-can-eat shrimp
night, on a downtown street corner, or in the mall - you’ll see that I’m slightly less than tall,brown-
haired kid. Come a little close, like into my home, and you’ll see that I’m also a son. A friend. And,
on a very rare day, a decent dogsitter.
If, however, you’re standing in a very particular, very up-close-and-personal spot - like inside
my head - you’ll see that I am, in addition, a few other, less ordinary things.
Defender of Earth, Civilization’s Last Chance for Survival.
Stuff like that.
Generally speaking, I make it a policy not to let people stand in that very up-close-and-personal
spot. Superheroes tend to rack up a lot of dead friends and seriously damaged sidekicks.
That is one reason it’s not a good idea for you to know much more about me than my first name.
The other reason for anonymity is a good thing: the Yeerks.
The Yeerks. If it weren’t for Elfangor, an Andalite war prince, I wouldn’t even know about the
Yeerks, aliens from a far distant planet. Wouldn’t have been enlisted - me, four other kids, and another
Andalite - to fight them. To try and stop their slow but constant infestation of Earth.
See, Yeerks are like slugs. On their own they’re blind, deaf, and mute. But in the brain of a host
body, they’ve got eyes and ears and mouths. They’re parasites, the Yeerks. Living off the minds and
bodies of any creature they deem worth controlling. Gedds. Hork-Bajir. Humans.
And one - only one - Andalite.
Yeerks wriggle their way through the ear canal and into each nook and cranny of the brain. Open
memories, raise hands, move legs. Once a Yeerk is in you head, you’re totally and completely at it’s
mercy. Saying what it wants you to say. Going where it wants you to go. Listening, silently, as it
mocks your every desire and dream. Watching, impotently, as it enlists your mother or father or best
friend into a life of slavery.
The right to privacy? Gone. The privilege of freedom? Gone.
What Elfangor did was give us access to Andalite morphing technology. this is our weapon, the
ability to absorb through touch the DNA of a living creature and then become that creature.
We morph to fight and to infiltrate. To spy on the Yeerk cover organization, The Sharing. And
occasionally kick Yeerk butt.
We become whatever we need to become. Elephant or gorilla or grizzly. Tiger or wolf or
cockroach. Cheetah or polar bear or even Hork-Bajir.
All of which makes that “who are you” question a whole lot more complicated for me than for
say, about 99.9 percent of folks on this planet.
That remaining .1 percent - those would be my friends. The other Animorphs. Jake. Cassie.
Rachel. Tobias, the guy who lives as a hawk. Ax, Elfangor’s younger brother.
Obviously, there are a lot of issues we have to deal with. Issues far too complex for the six of us