Chapter 1
My name is Cassie.
I am an Animorph. That’s the name we made up for ourselves. Or actually, it’s the name Marco
made up for us. I’m not that clever with words.
I wish I was more clever with words. I really do. Because the story I have to tell is too strange,
and in some ways too beautiful, for me to tell very well.
But I’ll do the best I can. And later, when I can no longer tell the story, Jake will take over.
Here’s what you need to know to begin with: We are not alone in the universe, we creatures of
Earth. We humans are just one of maybe thousands of thinking, reasoning species. There are seven or
eight that I know of for sure, ones that I have personally seen: Humans, Andalites, Yeerks, Hork-Bajir,
Taxxons, Leerans, Gedds, Chee. And the Ellimists, if you can call them a species.
Among these species, the Yeerks move like a virus. They are parasites. Like intelligent
tapeworms. They enter a body, wrap themselves around the brain and take over complete control.
Complete control. The poor creature who has been infested loses all power over his own
actions. He loses all privacy. His memories are like a bunch of videotapes that the Yeerk can play
whenever he wants.
We call a human who has been taken over that way a Controller. The Hork-Bajir have all been
made into Controllers. Well, almost all. The Taxxons, too. The Gedds.
And now the Yeerks are after the human race. They have invaded the body of the human race like
a virus. Like a cancer. Unseen, unsuspected, growing, spreading, enslaving… .
I guess you’d call them evil. I always did. An evil race. An evil species.
And I guess you’d say the Andalites are the opposite. The Andalites fight the Yeerks. It was a
brave Andalite prince who broke his own laws to give us the power to morph. It’s the only power we
have to fight the Yeerks.
This is what I believed: that the Yeerks are evil. That the morphing power is all we have.
So I should have been glad to be able to fight the Yeerks. I should have been glad to have the
morphing power.
I should have been glad… .
<Cassie! Behind you!>
It was night. I was the wolf. I spun with far-more-than-human speed. I saw the Hork-Bajir’s
clawed, bladed foot slash toward me.
I jerked aside.
The foot landed in the dirt beside me, missing me by a hair. One inch to the left and it would
have opened me up like a sardine can.
The Hork-Bajir was off-balance now. All his weight was on that foot. I could see the muscles
rippling. I could see the tendons straining.
I lunged. I opened my jaw wide. I closed my teeth on those muscles, on those tendons, and I
clamped with all the shocking power the wolf possessed.
I twisted my head savagely, ripping, tearing, trying to do damage.
“Rrrraaawwwr, raaawwrrr, rrrr!” I vocalized as I bit down. I repositioned, bit down again, and
twisted and twisted, shaking my shoulders to help rip and tear.
The Hork-Bajir screamed in pain.
He tried to slash at me, but now he was off-balance in the other direction. He was falling back,