Chapter 1
“This is the resistance.”
I had never heard more pride in Prince Jake’s voice. I know I had never been more proud of him.
<Yes, and what is it you want? How is it you are communicating with us?>
Clearly, the Andalite officer on the other end of our interplanetary connection was not similarly
impressed.
Rachel snorted. Jake shot a look at her before speaking. “Look,” he said, “we don’t have much
time here. This transmission could be tracked. And we have a lot to talk about. First, the Anati world
situation, it’s a trap. The Yeerks have constructed huge Dracon cannon sites on all the moons. Your
fleet goes there, it’s obliterated.”
There was a moment of silence. An understandable delay, given the enormous distance over
which we were transmitting and the primitiveness of our transmitting device.
But I suspected the silence meant something else.
<We know of your situation on Earth, human.> The voice belonged to another Andalite. Its tone
suggested an officer superior to the one with whom Jake had just spoken.
“Yes,” Jake began, “but things have changed. We -”
<We know that you are in need of our assistance.>
“Rude,” Marco mumbled. “Let a guy finish a sentence.”
The voice went on, cold and imperious. An Andalite’s voice. <And we must consider the
possibility that you would lie to us in an effort to become our top priority.>
“What the … ?”
Cassie grabbed Rachel’s arm, motioned for her to be silent.
“Look,” Jake said, controlled anger making his voice tense. “We’ve got the information on good
authority. And you have no reason to suspect us of double-dealing.”
“Yes, he does.” Marco again. “We’re puny, backward humans. Not great, honorable Andalites.”
<Prince Jake, if I may?>
Jake nodded and I stepped forward, closer to the still unperfected device.
Since coming to this faraway planet, I have spoken to my people on several occasions.
Once, via adjustments I made to a primitive human radio telescope. Adjustments that allowed me
to break into Zero-space.
Once, on an Andalite ship commanded by the traitor, Samilin-Corrath-Gahar.
On two other occasions, I have conversed with Andalites who had also come to Earth.
But this - this was different. Everything was different. The war was escalating. The Andalites,
my people, had to listen to us. They had to be made to listen.
<This is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill,> I said. <What my prince says is correct. Our source for the
information regarding the Anati planet comes from none other than Visser One, originator of the Yeerk
invasion on this planet. Visser One was sent to build the Anati defenses and to draw the Andalite
fleet. Recently the visser returned to Earth. We eliminated the Yeerk and liberated the host. This is the
truth.>
<That’ll show them,> Tobias said. Tobias - my shorm, a nothlit. Our lookout.
What came next I had not expected. Later, I wondered why, with my varied experience of
Andalite character, I had not entertained the possibility of my own people’s suspicion and neglect.
<The high command will consider your words,> the officer replied. <The brother of War Prince