Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
I doubt we’ve ever met, but I’ll bet you know somebody like me. Every class has a Marco. You
know, the one who’s the smartest, wittiest, most charming, coolest, and the best-looking.
That’s me.
I can’t tell you my last name. I can’t tell you where I live, either, or anything specific about me
that might help certain people find me.
Believe me, I wish I could. Anonymity has its downside. Last week, for example, I wanted to run
through the halls of my school screaming my name so everyone could hear. I wanted to hop on a
cafeteria table and dance on somebody’s Tater Tots until a hall monitor came to drag me away. I
wanted to call an assembly so everyone could congratulate me.
I’d gotten a date.
And not just any date. A date with the most beautiful girl in our whole school. If not the whole
world.
Marian.
Not only is Marian gorgeous, with long, black hair, deep, dark eyes, and dimples that make me
want to cry every time she smiles. She’s also nearly as smart, charming, and charismatic as I am.
You can see we’re a perfect couple. The only flaw I can find in her is that she doesn’t seem to
think my jokes are very funny.
That, and her taste in music.
You want to know the coolest thing of all about this date? Marian asked me out. I didn’t have to
do a thing. We were just leaving our music appreciation class together when Marian said to me:
“Wow, Marco, you really seem to know a lot about classical music. And may I say, you are an
unusually handsome, manly man. I want you, I want you now.”
Okay, that maybe a slight exaggeration. But she definitely said the part about me knowing a lot
about music.
“Either that, or I can scam teachers like no one else around,” I said.
Actually, I know next to nothing about classical music. But my dad’s got a huge collection of
classical CD’s. Sometimes he’ll hog the TV
, watching documentaries about Mozart and Beethoven
and other wild-eyed guys.
“Well, I have tickets to Symphony Hall this Sunday afternoon,” Marian said. “They’re playing
Beethoven’s Third. It’s my absolute favorite symphony. Do you want to come?”
“Well, I’m more of a fan of his thirty-third,” I said, hoping I wouldn’t pass out at her feet. Marian
had just asked me out on a date!
Marian gave me a quizzical look. “His thirty-third? I don’t get it. Were you making a joke?”
“Of course! It’s a joke, hah HAH!” I said, sounding only slightly hysterical. “I love Beethoven’s
Third. It’s just so …” I wasn’t sure what to say. I’d never heard the thing before in my life. Marian
looked at me eagerly, waiting for me to finish my sentence.
“It’s just so …”
“Beautiful?” Marian suggested.
“Yes!” I replied. “That’s a perfect word for it. Although I was leaning toward exquisite. Maybe
even rapturous.”
“Oh, yes!” Marian cried. “It’s all those things! So will you come?”