Chapter 1
My name is Jake.
Just Jake.
My last name doesn’t matter.
Where I live and go to school don’t matter, either.
What matters is that we’re in a war, fighting for the survival of the human race.
You’re thinking Y
eah, right. That’s okay. I know - I probably would have said the same thing
once.
No way. Not a chance. If it’s true, then where are the troops storming the beaches? Where are the
bombs? Where’s the battlefield? The RPVs and cruise missiles?
Well, it’s not that kind of a war.
The battlefield is wherever we are, we being my friends and I. We are animal-morphers, given
the ability to absorb DNA by touch and then morph into that animal. It’s an incredible weapon, the
kind that both dreams and nightmares are made of.
Ask Tobias, who stayed in his red-tailed hawk morph longer than the two-hour limit and now
spends his days catching and eating small mammals.
Or check in with any one of us in the small hours between night and morning, when the
nightmares come, the nightmares of twisting bodies and mutating minds.
Like I said, this is not your standard-type war.
We’re the whole army, the six of us. We get some help from the Chee, but they are incapable of
violence, so when it comes to the down and dirty, we’re it. Us, alone, against an alien empire that has
already terrorized the galaxy.
Yeah, I know. Nice odds.
Most of us learned to fight the hard way in a deadly, on-the-job-training-type deal.
But some of us had a head start, like my cousin Rachel, who loves it all. And Ax, whose full
name is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill, warrior-cadet and younger brother to Elfangor, the Andalite who
gave us the power to morph before he was murdered by Visser Three.
I know, sounds like bull, right? Sounds like maybe I need to spend some time in a rubber room.
But it’s true. Every now and then the crazy becomes real.
And this is not a clean war, if there is such a thing. I mean a war like World War II, where
thousands saw the wrongs being committed and stood up to correct them. Where you attacked an
enemy you could see, an enemy who wore a uniform and came right back at you, guns blazing.
This isn’t that kind of war at all.
The Yeerks are more subtle than that. They aren’t predators, they’re parasites. They don’t want
to destroy humanity, they don’t want to make big piles of bodies, they need our bodies in one piece to
continue their invasion.
See, they’re basically slugs. Parasites. No arms, no legs, no face. Blind.
That’s why they need host bodies.
They slither into your ear, seep into the crevices of your brain, open your memories.
And you’re still inside yourself while it’s happening, trapped, helpless, begging for the
nightmare to end.
Only it’s real. And it doesn’t end.
You want to warn people and you can’t make the words come out. But the Yeerk in your head can