Chapter 1
My name is Tobias. A freak of nature. One of a kind.
I won’t tell you my last name. I can’t tell you my last name. Or the name of the city where I live.
I want to tell you everything, but I can’t give any clues to my true identity. Or the identity of the
others. Everything I will tell you is true. I know it’s going to seem unbelievable, but believe it
anyway.
I am Tobias. I’m a normal kid, I guess. Or used to be. I used to do okay in school. Not great, but
not bad either. Just okay.
I guess I was a dweeb, kind of. Big, but not big enough to keep from getting picked on. I had
blond hair, kind of wild because I could never get it to look right. My eyes were … what color were
my eyes? It’s only been a few weeks, and already I’m forgetting things about being human.
I guess it doesn’t matter, anyway. My eyes now are gold and brown. I have eyes that look fierce
and angry all the time. I’m not always fierce or angry, but I look that way.
One afternoon, I was riding the thermals, the upswelling hot air. I rode them way up into the sky.
The bottoms of low clouds, heavy with moisture, scudded just a few feet above me.
I looked down and focused my laserlike eyes. My fierce eyes, I could still read - I hadn’t
forgotten how to do that. I could see the big red-and-white sign that said: DEALIN’ DAN HAWKE’S USED
CARS.
I pressed my wings back, closer to my body, and began to fall.
Down, down, down! Faster. Faster!
I fell through the warm, early evening air like a rock. Like an artillery shell falling toward its
target.
All was silent except for the sound of the air rushing over the tops of my wings. The ground
came up at me. It came up like it was trying to hit me.
I saw the cage. It was no more than three feet on each side. In the cage was a hawk. A redtail.
Like me.
The man was close by. I recognized him because I had seen him on his TV commercials. He was
Dealin’ Dan Hawke. He owned the car dealership.
He was the one holding the hawk prisoner.
She was a mascot. On the commercials he called her Price-Cut Polly. It made me sick. It made
me furious.
I saw the camera. There were three guys standing around. They would be shooting a live
commercial soon. I didn’t care.
Dealin’ Dan went to the hawk’s cage to feed her. It was locked with a bike-style combination
lock. Four numbers. I could see them as he turned the combination. 8-1-2-5.
I was two hundred yards up, plummeting to earth at seventy miles an hour. But I could see the
numbers as he turned them. And the human part of me, Tobias, could remember.
He opened the cage and tossed in some food. Then he closed it again and spun the lock. Brilliant
lights came on. He was starting the commercial. It would be live on TV all over the area.
What I was planning was insane. That’s what Marco would have said. It was one of his favorite
words. Insane.
I didn’t care.
A hawk was in a tiny cage, being used as a prop for some lowlife car dealer. That wasn’t going
to go on. Not if I could help it.