Chapter 1
I typed “Bball24.”
Then I typed in my code word, which is a series of letters and numbers.
I moved the mouse and placed the arrow on “Sign On.” I clicked the mouse. And I waited while
the modem dialed.
My name is Jake.
Just Jake. I can’t tell you my last name.
My name online is Bball24. At least, that’s close to being my real online name. I have to be
careful, even about that. See, nothing is safe from the Yeerks. I could give you my actual screen name
and they could find me.
That would be the end of Jake and Bball24. All my friends. And, just maybe, the entire human
race.
You want to know what my screen name means? Well, I used to be really into basketball. I tried
out for our team but didn’t make the cut. But my best game ever I scored twenty-four points. So that’s
what Bball24 is about: basketball, twenty-four points.
Kind of dumb now, I guess. Basketball isn’t all that important to me anymore. And not just
because I didn’t make the team. It’s just that I’m playing a much more intense game now.
I’m an Animorph. It’s a made-up word. You won’t find it in any dictionary. My best friend
Marco came up with it. It’s short for “Animal Morpher.”
It’s what we are, thanks to an alien who died trying to save the people of Earth. He gave us the
power to morph. To become any animal whose DNA we could absorb through touch. We use this
power to fight the Yeerk invasion of Earth.
That’s another word you won’t find in the dictionary: Yeerk. But the word has a terribly real
meaning. The Yeerks are a species of parasitic slug. Yeerks live in the brains of other species. They
live inside Taxxons, inside Hork-Bajir, inside Gedds, and I guess inside a few Leerans. And,
unfortunately for all the free races of the universe, they live inside the brain of one Andalite.
They live in the brains of humans, too. Human-Controllers. That’s a human who isn’t exactly
human anymore. A human-Controller is a slave to the Yeerk in its head.
How many humans have the Yeerks infested? We don’t know. Too many. My brother Tom is one
of them. Marco’s mother is one. Our assistant principal at school is one. We’ve seen human-
Controller cops, human-Controller teachers, and even a TV star who wanted to become a human-
Controller - weird as that may seem.
They are everywhere. They can be anyone.
And that’s why we fight. That’s why we undergo the nightmarish transformations into animal
form again and again. Because our only weapons are the animals we become.
I connected at 38,400 bps. I wish I had a faster modem, but at least this one is better than my old
14,400.
Some offers popped up on the screen. Would I like to apply for a Web Access America Visa
card? No. Would I like to buy a new antivirus program? No.
“You’ve got mail,” the computer said with a sort of mechanical excitement. Like it cared that I
had E-mail.
I clicked on the mail icon. Three E-mails. One was a chain letter. I dumped it. One was from
some guy who must have thought I cared about politics. It was some stupid conspiracy theory. I