Chapter 1
Crumph! Crumph!
The thudding of fists against human flesh is not a pleasant sound. It is particularly sickening
when heard through a metal pipe. The sound echoes and is magnified.
“That’s enough. Stop it,” a human voice commanded. The sound was muffled, vague, indistinct. I
was feeling the voice through my six legs, through my antennae.
“But he’s told us nothing,” a second human argued.
I should not call them humans. They are human-Controllers.
There is a difference.
Human-Controllers are humans whose bodies have become hosts to the Yeerk invaders.
Yeerks! Foulest creatures of the universe. Gray slugs who enter the body through the ear, fit
themselves into the human brain, and take over. Mind and body.
Of course, not all hosts are human.
Visser Three, leader of the Yeerk Earth invasion, has an Andalite host.
My name is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill. I am not human. I am Andalite. The only Andalite among
the group that calls itself the Animorphs. Four humans. A red-tailed hawk. Me.
We are the resistance. We fight the Yeerk invasion until help from my home planet arrives. Or
until we die.
The latter possibility seems ever more likely.
It would be unwise to tell you very much more. The Animorphs and I have many secrets to keep.
And I, as an Andalite, have the secret of my own race to keep.
Crumph!
The sound again. Had we not been on the pipe we would not have heard it. Roaches feel
vibrations. The pipe carried those vibrations directly to us.
We were making our way up a corroded, rusty metal pipe within the interior wall of a two-story
office building. Our mission, to rescue our friend and collaborator, Mr. King. We had all seen the
front page article on The Sharing, the Yeerk front organization. We had been suspicious that the paper
had become yet another Yeerk-run organization. Mr. King had thought it safe to break into the offices
of The Chronicle and examine their computer data, find the truth.
Apparently that was a mistake.
“Talk!” human-Controller Two shouted. “What are you doing here? Who are you? Why are you
snooping?”
Crumph!
“I said stop it!” human-Controller One repeated angrily. “If you kill him, Visser Three will
execute us for wasting a potential host body.”
There was a long pause before human-Controller Two spoke again. “Visser Three will execute
us for incompetence if he finds out we couldn’t beat the truth out of a mere human. Let’s kill him and
incinerate the body. Visser Three will never learn that we failed.”
“Visser Three will wonder why we did not simply infest him and learn the truth.”
“I tell you there is something wrong with this human. I tried to enter the ear canal, but it’s
blocked in some way. You don’t believe me, you try it!”
<Ax? What happens if they hit the Chee with a Dracon beam? Can they fry him?> Prince Jake
asked me in the thought-speak language we use while in morph.