Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
But you can call me “Marco the Mighty.” Or “Most Exalted Destroyer of My Pride.” You can
cower before my mighty thumbs and beg for mercy, but you’ll be crushed just the same.
For I am the lord of the PlayStation.
Pick a game. Any game. Tekken. Duke Nukem. NFL Blitz. Whatever. Practice all you want. I’ll
still beat you. I’ll crush you like Doc Martens crush ants. I’ll -
“The phone’s ringing,” my dad said, setting down his controller.
“You can’t stop now,” I cried. “I was gonna score on this next play!”
“It’s fifty-six to nothing,” he muttered. “I’ll forfeit this one.”
“But -”
But he’d already picked up the phone.
“Hello? Oh, hi! How are you?” His voice was so sweet and sticky you could have poured it
over pancakes.
“Oh, brother,” I mumbled.
“I’m doing great,” he continued, a big dopey smile on his face. “Marco and I were just playing
video games. Uh-huh. Sure.” He looked at me. “Nora says hi.”
I nodded. I grabbed the remote control. Switched the TV back to cable mode and turned the
volume up loud enough to drown out his voice.
My dad has a girlfriend. And I think it’s serious. I’m used to this quiet, low-key, unexpressive
guy. But ever since he started dating this woman, he’s been Mr. Personality. Smiling for no reason.
Singing in the shower. Laughing at all my lame jokes like I was Chris Rock. He’s even developed this
annoying habit of hugging me for no good reason.
I mean, I’m happy for him. Really. When my mom disappeared over two years ago, my dad lost
it. For a long time, he was little more than a zombie. Sometimes I thought he’d never recover.
A few months back he pulled himself out of it. Things went back to normal. Or as normal as my
life could be - until he met this woman.
Your dad being in love with someone who isn’t your mother is a pretty normal problem, I guess.
I mean, he’s old, but he’s not exactly using a walker and getting seniors’ discounts at the Steak and
Ale. Maybe you’ve dealt with the same thing yourself. Maybe you’re dealing with it right now. Maybe
this problem makes you feel like the weight of the world is on your shoulders.
Yeah, well, boo hoo. Sorry, kids. But you have no idea about the weight of the world. ‘Cause it’s
on my shoulders.
See, not only do I live with a lovesick father. I’m also trying to save the world from being
enslaved by evil, parasitic aliens.
To which you respond, “Ooooookay, dude forgot his medication.”
I’m not crazy. And not lying. I’m telling the truth.
They’re called Yeerks. They’re from another galaxy. Gray, sluglike creatures that slide into your
ear, flatten out inside your brain, and take control of your mind and body. Forcing you to do anything
they want. Anything.
Right now, their invasion is a secret. V
ery few people know about it. Most of the people who do
are their slaves. We call them Controllers. I don’t know how many people the Yeerks have turned into
Controllers. I don’t think I want to know.