Chapter 1
My name is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill.
I don’t know if my fellow Andalites will ever recognize that name. I guess some of the story I’m
about to tell will appear in the scientific journals. I mean, the accident that occurred to me has
certainly rewritten the science of Zero-space mass extrusion during morphing.
But I doubt that my real name will be used. I doubt that the whole truth will be told. And I guess
that’s a good thing. You see, there are traitors among us. Yes, traitors among our fellow Andalites.
Andalites working for the Yeerks.
I am the only living Andalite witness to the Ascalin incident. Only I - and my human friends,
Prince Jake, Cassie, Tobias, Rachel, and Marco - know what truly happened aboard that ship on war-
torn planet Leera. And even though I know what happened, I will never know why it happened.
I know it seems impossible even to conceive of Andalites as traitors. I know the very idea
makes any decent Andalite sick inside. But I am telling the truth. The Ascalin incident happened. We
were betrayed by one of our own.
My name is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill, brother of Elfangor-Sirinial-Shamtul. And I swear by his
memory that everything I say here is true.
I am the only Andalite presently located on planet Earth. Don’t bother looking Earth up on any of
the databases. You won’t find much information. The truth is, we lost a Dome ship in orbit above this
planet. The Yeerks destroyed it. We lost my brother, Prince Elfangor, in that battle, too. But before he
died, Elfangor broke our law and gave the secret Andalite morphing power to five human youths.
The Yeerks are after this planet now. They are invading Earth in their usual style. The Yeerk
parasite slugs have an easy time entering human heads, wrapping themselves around human brains.
Enslaving humans as they did the Hork-Bajir and the Gedds. As they hope someday to do to us.
I live among these humans now. With the group of young humans who were given the morphing
power by Elfangor. They call themselves Animorphs. They resist the Yeerk invasion of Earth. All
alone, as far as we know.
I live with humans. I respect them. But my hearts are still Andalite. No matter what anyone ever
says about me and about what happened on Leera, I am true to my own people.
And yet there are times when I wonder: Who are my own people? My race, my species? My
family? My friends? My allies?
My human friends insist on reducing my name to “Ax.” You see, humans communicate by making
mouth-sounds. (most Andalites understand the concept of a “mouth,” I believe.) And although my full
name is easily pronounced in Andalite thought-speak, it is somewhat long and complex for primitive
human mouth-sounds.
I am alone on this planet. The only one of my species. The only Andalite among all the humans.
So I have used the morphing technology to create a human morph. And sometimes, for two hours at a
time, I become human and pass among humans as one of them.
I am very good at passing for human, if I say so myself. I have learned the customs and habits
perfectly so that I seem entirely normal.
That’s how I am able to pass even in the most human of places. For example, the mall. Which is
a place full of shops, most of which sell artificial skin and artificial hooves. Technically known as
“clothing” and “shoes.”
The mall also houses the most wonderful eating places. You see, in addition to making sounds