Chapter 1
Go forth, mighty warriors! Go forth into space! All the galaxy shall tremble before the Helmacrons. All will obey us. All will be our
slaves. For only we are truly worthy to be Lords of the Universe.
- Posthumous Exhortation of the Emperor
. From the log of the Helmacron ship, Galaxy Blaster
My name is Cassie.
There are a lot of things about me that I can’t tell you. My last name, for example. Or my
address.
I live in a paranoid world. I wish I didn’t, but I do. And I have no choice but to conceal, to lie,
to mislead. Even while I am desperately trying to tell the truth.
You must know the truth. You must accept what is happening to Earth, to humanity. Because only
by knowing can you fight the terrible evil that is upon us.
I am referring, of course, to the Yeerks.
Not to the Helmacrons.
The Yeerks are a parasitic species from a far-distant planet. They originate in an aquatic
environment. A Yeerk pool. At some point in their evolution they moved out of the safety and sensory
deprivation of the pool and evolved an ability to enter the brains of a species called Gedds.
For a long time, millennia, maybe, they were content to go that far. They did not know about
space travel or technology at all. Like humans, they did not know of the existence of other species in
the galaxy.
At least, that’s what our Andalite friend, Ax, tells us. I’m sure it would be fascinating to study
the evolution of the Yeerk species. Kind of like it must be fascinating to study cholera or typhoid.
Study with care. Because as far as humans are concerned, the Yeerks are disease. They are
spreading throughout our population.
They enter through the ear canal. They have the ability to thin out their bodies, displace the
portions of the inner ear that are in the way, and drill into the skull. There they flatten their bodies out,
sinking into the crevices on the surface of a human brain.
They tie into the brain. Like you or me accessing a computer with a keyboard. They can see all
of your memories. They know all of your thoughts. All.
And they can control you utterly and completely. They move your hands. They move your feet.
They aim your eyes and tilt your head and make that familiar smile everyone knows is yours alone.
We call them Controllers. The slaves of the Yeerks. The Hork-Bajir people were the Yeerks’
first great alien conquest. Then they infiltrated the Taxxons. They have had skirmishes with a dozen
other species. But now they are after their greatest prize: Homo sapiens.
Humans. Humans, with fingers more delicate and capable than any Taxxon or Hork-Bajir or
Gedd. Humans, who could be fed almost anything, unlike the bark-eating Hork-Bajir or the eternally
ravenous, cannibalistic Taxxons. Humans, who exist in numbers far greater than all those species
combined.
We are the perfect host bodies. Not as dangerous as a Hork-Bajir can be, but infinitely more
adaptable.
Billions of unaware, skeptical human beings. We look, to the Yeerks, like Aztec gold looked to
Cortés. We could be the solution to all their problems. We could give them the sheer numbers to
explode from Earth and ravage every other species in existence.
Fighting against this invasion are the Andalites. Outnumbered, outgunned, unprepared. Like