Chapter 1
My name is Rachel.
And I was deep in this strange dream that seemed to involve me trying on dresses at my favorite
department store. Only the salesladies kept bringing me things that were way, way too small.
So I said, “Hey, can’t you tell these aren’t my size?” And the saleslady said, “Well, we don’t
have anything in your size.”
“What?” I demanded. “You don’t have anything in size three hundred and twelve?”
Wait a minute, I thought. I don’t wear size three hundred and twelve. But at that moment I caught
sight of myself in the mirror. And I was in my elephant morph.
I was still growing. Bigger and bigger, till my massive bulk was pressing people against the
walls and floors and ceiling.
I looked down, and there, beneath one massive fold of elephant belly, was a small figure in an
orange hooded sweatshirt.
“Oh, my God! She killed Kenny!” someone cried.
“Aaaahhhh!” I screamed.
“Try Juniors on the second floor,” the saleslady suggested. “Only please don’t use the elevator.”
And then she leaped at me and started digging her fingernails into me. They were really sharp.
So I got mad and I shoved her. Only when I shoved her, she suddenly wasn’t a saleslady at all.
She was a bird.
“Aaahhh!” I yelled, sitting straight up.
There, in the darkness of my room, the large gray bird fluttered back and knocked into my desk.
“Tobias?” I whispered. Only it wasn’t a red-tailed hawk. It was like a hawk, but gray and white.
<No, it’s Aximili. You must come now. Tobias is … missing. And Prince Jake is in danger.>
I threw back the covers and my bare feet hit the floor. “What?”
<It’s David. He is a traitor.>
I was fully awake. Wide-awake and already mad. I grabbed some throw pillows and shoved
them under the blankets. Hopefully they would look like me asleep if my mom came in to check on
me.
I glanced at the clock. Late. V
ery late. So late it was early.
I quickly ran through a list of possible morphs. I had to be able to fly. And it was night. I focused
my mind on the image of a great horned owl.
I began to change, even as I hammered Ax with questions.
“What happened?”
<Jake, Tobias, and I watched and waited outside Cassie’s barn. As you know, Jake suspected
David might have decided to turn against us.>
“That weasel! That slimy nyeeerrrrrff.”
My tongue had shrunk rapidly in the middle of telling Ax what I thought about David. Probably
for the best. Ax would have asked me to define the word I was about to use, and that wouldn’t have
been a good idea.
I was shrinking all this time, of course. And the brown feathers were appearing on my skin. First
as outlines, then as weirdly realistic tattoos, then, quite suddenly, as actual three-dimensional
feathers.
<David left the barn in his golden eagle morph. Tobias followed him. We followed soon after,