Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
I can’t tell you my last name or where I live. Believe me, I wish I could. I would like nothing
more than to be able to tell you my name is Marco Jones or Williams or V
asquez or Brown or
Anderson or McCain.
Marco McCain. Has kind of a nice sound, doesn’t it?
But McCain’s not my last name. I’m not even going to swear to you that Marco is my first name.
See, I’m hoping to live awhile longer. I’m not going to make it any easier for the Yeerks to find me.
I live in a paranoid world. But just because I’m paranoid doesn’t mean I don’t have enemies.
I have real enemies. Enemies that would freeze your blood if you only knew.
So, see, I’d like to tell you my name, and address, and phone number, too, because if I could do
that, it would mean I no longer had any enemies. It would mean my life was normal again. It would
mean I could go back to minding my own business.
I believe in minding my own business.
Which is why what happened on my way home from the 7-Eleven was so dumb.
I was walking down the street with some low-fat milk, a loaf of bread, and a bag of peanut
M&M’s. Since my mom died, I’ve gotten stuck with a lot of the shopping and stuff for my dad and me.
This 7-Eleven isn’t in the greatest neighborhood, so I was walking kind of fast, minding my own
business, trying not to think about the fact that it was after ten at night.
Then I heard it.
“Just don’t hurt me, just don’t hurt me.”
It was a man’s voice. An old man, from the sound of it. It was coming from a dark alley.
I hesitated. I stopped. I pressed myself back against the cold brick wall of the building and
listened.
“Just gimme the money, old man, don’t make me hurt you,” a second voice said. A younger
voice. A tough voice.
“I gave you all of it!” the old man cried.
Then the punk said something I can’t repeat. Basically, he was getting ready to pound the old
man. I heard other voices. Three punks total. It didn’t look good for the old man.
“This is totally not your problem, Marco,” I told myself. “Stay out of it. Don’t be an idiot.”
Three punks. Each of them probably twice as big as I was. I’m not exactly Arnold
Schwarzenegger. I’m not even average height for my age, although I make up for it by being incredibly
cute.
And charming. And witty. And modest.
But I was pretty sure the three big gang members in that alley were not going to be very
impressed by my cuteness.
Fortunately, I have other abilities.
It had been a while since I had done this particular morph, but as I concentrated, I could feel it
coming back. I slipped into the opening of the alley and hid in the shadow of a very smelly Dumpster.
The first thing that happened was the fur. It sprouted quickly from my arms and legs and all down
my body. Thick, rough, ragged, black fur. It grew long on my arms and back and head. It was shorter
everywhere else.
My jaw bulged forward. I could hear the bones in my jaw grind as they stretched and the