Chapter 1
<Heads up. Something’s definitely going down> Rachel, in bald eagle morph, braked and
swooped and circled.
James, in peregrine falcon morph, followed, circling almost in tandem with Rachel.
That kind of close formation flying was a mistake.
Different species of birds of prey do not typically fly together, especially in synchronized
motion.
I was in northern harrier morph, several feet above my companions and hanging back. Trying to
keep a reasonable distance between us in case we were being observed from the ground.
I wondered if Rachel would rebuke James. He was new and sometimes made minor mistakes.
But Rachel was too eager to pursue her investigation into what was taking place on the ground
below to correct James.
I, too, said nothing to James. Of all the Animorphs, I had been most opposed to our recruiting
handicapped young humans to be warriors alongside us in our fight against the Yeerks. So far, the
overall performance of James and the others had set my mind somewhat at ease.
Still, I was uncomfortable treating James and his team as a true part of the resistance.
And even after all this time on my adopted planet, Earth, I was acutely aware of being an
outsider. The only Andalite, the only alien in our band of guerrillas. Though on several occasions I
had spoken my mind, on many others I had hesitated to do so.
I had no real authority over James or Rachel. They were likely to reject any instructions or
directives from me.
Rachel, because she listened to no one but Jake, and then, often with barely concealed
resentment. And James, because he acted as leader and to some degree protector, of the seventeen
new recruits. James was Jake’s lieutenant.
Jake is our leader. He had sent the three of us on a reconnaissance mission. We were to make
note of what was happening in the city and report back to our base of operations. The secret Hork-
Bajir camp.
I doubt that Jake had anticipated anything as dramatic as what I saw below me. It appeared that
the city was under military occupation.
Police, uniformed military men and women, and official trucks and cars blocked off many
streets.
Drivers were being stopped and asked to exit their cars. Then they were taken to join the crowds
of people being diverted into train stations at gunpoint.
<What’s going on?> James asked. <Are those people being protected, or persecuted? Evacuated
for their own protection? Or being taken prisoner?>
<I can’t tell,> Rachel answered. <That’s the problem when the good guys and the bad guys all
look alike. It’s hard to know who’s an uninfested human and who’s a Controller. This war gets more
complicated every day.>
I agreed with Rachel’s statement.
My name is Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill. It is my real name. The others do not use their real
names, though at this point, they could do so without increasing the danger of discovery.
Our identities are known now to our enemies. We have been exposed. The danger could not get
any nearer, clearer, or greater.