Chapter 1
Whummph!
BAAAM!
I slammed the Hork-Bajir into the concrete. Pinned him against the subbasement wall with two
massive tiger paws.
His red eyes burned with hatred. His face was a twisted horror as he pushed back, desperate to
free his tail blade from behind his body.
I strained to reach the scarred, saddle-leather flesh of his neck. To rip out the throat.
By the way, I’m Jake.
Can’t tell you much more than that. Like my last name or where I live. I can’t even tell you where
I go to school. Here’s what I can tell you: Earth is being invaded by parasitic slugs called Yeerks.
Still with me? Pretty hard to believe, huh? See, humans seem to be their latest preference in host
bodies. They take thousands a day. Make them into slaves. They just squeeze into your ear canal.
Wrap themselves around your brain. Tap into your memories and dreams. And then they take over.
You can’t even decide when to blink. No control at all. It’s like your skull becomes a prison. And
you’re trapped in your own head. No way out.
My friends Marco, Rachel, Cassie, Tobias, an alien kid we call Ax, and I are the only active
resistance. So now you’re asking yourself, “How are six kids preventing the total takeover of Earth?”
Well, we were given the power to turn into any animal we touch. To actually acquire the animal’s
DNA. To morph. The Andalite technology was a gift to us from Ax’s older brother, Elfangor. After he
crash-landed, and before he was murdered.
So anyway, we’re the only ones fighting back. We managed to slow the Yeerks down a little. But
it was getting harder to keep up the fight. Harder to keep it together.
“Hhhhhrrroooowwwwrrrr!” I roared.
He faltered and I lunged forward. Missed! His tail broke free and he slashed!
And carved a hole in my underbelly!
I watched, stunned and helpless. Those were my guts, spilling from my body! I froze up for one
instant too long. He pushed me down onto pipes that …
Tsssssssssss!
<AHHHHHH!>
My fur was smoking, my flesh scalded!
Adrenaline cracked through my chest like a whip. I was up again, face-to-face with a Yeerk-
infested Hork-Bajir.
I had one more chance with this guy. This was it. And suddenly the vividness of the scene
seemed to recede.
Don’t get me wrong. My guts were still spilling out of my belly. Exhaustion still pressed on my
shoulders like a granite slab. But I was in a new zone. It was him or me.
Claws bared, teeth flashing, I leaped.
WHAM!
Heaved him into the wall.
WHAM!
Plowed him into the concrete. His skull hit hard.
WHAM!