Chapter 1
My name is Cassie.
And you wouldn’t know it to look at me but I’m in the middle of a violent war to save Earth from
an alien, parasitic species called the Yeerks.
Well, most of the time I am. Right now I was kneeling in the barn, waiting for an injured mouse’s
curiosity to get the better of him. And when it did, when he crept out from beneath the cage he’d
scurried under, I was going to scoop him up and take a look at his crooked, back leg.
I guess that’s just me. It’s who I am. I don’t like seeing an animal in pain if there’s something I
can do about it. And I usually am doing something about it, because my parents are vets and I guess
you could say I’m following in their footsteps.
Except that in one way, I’m already way ahead of them.
I’m an Animorph. An animal morpher.
My friends and I were given the ability to acquire the DNA of other creatures and morph them.
This power is the only real weapon we have in our fight to save humanity.
But it’s more than that. For me, at least.
Every time I morph an animal, I experience the world as that animal does, sensing it, sharing its
instincts. That’s knowledge my parents will never have. And I’m not sure not having it is such a bad
thing.
I mean, it’s one thing knowing that a humpback whale can weigh thirty tons but it’s a whole other
story to actually weigh that much. To cruise the ocean with the certainty that you actually are that
animal. The only way to really understand is to become that creature, and they can’t teach that in vet
school.
But this isn’t just about becoming an animal. It isn’t just about the morphing. See, we use our
morphs to fight this war. To divert and battle the Yeerks. That’s why Jake, our leader, doesn’t like us
using the morphs for our own purposes. I can’t say I never have - there’s nothing like frolicking as a
sleek playful dolphin, and being a horse has certainly come in handy on occasion - but I like Jake a lot
- okay, maybe I feel even stronger than “like” - and what he says makes sense, so I try not to do
anything that would put us at risk.
But the risk isn’t the worst of it. This is a war and people die. And using this power to destroy
others is hard to get used to. But as much as I hate inflicting pain and sometimes death on the other
Yeerk-infested species, I can’t just sit back and allow their evil to consume us, the human race, too.
The Yeerks are like a disease, except they spread with malice and intent. A Yeerk will squirm
into your ear canal, flatten out its blind, deaf, sluglike body, and weave into the crannies of your
brain. Tap into your thoughts. See through your eyes, speak with your voice. You are a hostage,
trapped inside yourself. Screaming for help but no one can hear you.
We call people infested by Yeerks Controllers, and there are more of them every day. Like I
said, the Yeerks have taken over other species, too, and they’re using some of them to wage this
poisonous war on Earth.
We, the Animorphs, are the only active resistance. Me. My best friend Rachel. Jake. His friend
Marco. Tobias, who stayed in his red-tailed hawk morph longer than the two-hour limit and now lives
as a bird of prey. A nothlit, as Ax would say.
Ax is an aristh, an Andalite warrior-cadet, and it was his brother Elfangor who gave us the blue
morphing cube before Visser Three murdered him, so that we could continue the battle.