Chapter 1
I dove. Tucked my wings. Folded my tail. Hurtled toward earth!
I was a bullet. A bullet with feathers.
And feeling pretty righteous until Tobias rocketed past. He skimmed the top of the freight train
and looped sideways in a corkscrew roll, wing over wing. His feathers grazed the big gun of one of
the tanks.
<Show-off,> I said.
<Hey, I’m a hawk.> He pulled out of the roll. <I only get so many hobbies, and perfecting my
Red-Tail Spiral of Death happens to be my favorite.>
We pumped our wings and shot past the locomotive. Two guys wearing bib overalls and ball
caps sat inside. One, the engineer, I guessed, was driving while the other watched the track ahead.
They weren’t wielding Dracon beams. Or weapons of any kind. And they weren’t paying any
attention to the osprey and red-tailed hawk who’d dropped from the sky to spy on them.
<They don’t look like Controllers,> said Tobias. <Like that means anything.>
<Yeah. Everything looks normal,> I said. <Well, except for the tanks.>
I wheeled. Scanned the line of flatcars. Nothing unusual. Nothing that wasn’t supposed to be
there.
Still, something prickled at the back of my brain. Something didn’t seem right.
Battling aliens every day of my life has fine-tuned my already rampant paranoia.
I powered my wings and caught up to Tobias and the locomotive. A beautiful thermal radiated up
the side of the mountain. I fanned my wing and tail feathers and soared on the billowing jet of warm
air.
The freight train clattered below. One engine pulling a line of flatbed cars, loaded with military
tanks. M-1 Abrams.
Yeah, M-1 Abrams. I knew them as well as I knew my own PlayStation. All those hours playing
Tank Commando had finally paid off.
The M-1s belonged to the National Guard. They were chained one to a flatcar, their big guns
rotated toward the back. And they were headed toward the city.
Truck and Humvee convoys had been snaking into town for days. Battalions of National Guard
soldiers from all over the state were bunkered in Guard centers around the city.
Now they were bringing in tanks.
Ax had been monitoring all the local TV channels and the cable news networks, but nobody had
mentioned a wide-scale urban training exercise. I couldn’t find anything on the Internet, and the Chee
hadn’t heard anything from their Yeerk sources, either.
Tobias and I were here to do a little firsthand investigation. To find out if our state government
had finally realized Earth was being invaded. To see if they were mounting a defense.
Or to see if this was a carefully laid out Yeerk plan. Were all those National Guard troops
Controllers? Some of them, yeah. But all of them? We were talking thousands of soldiers. If they were
all Controllers, we were in big trouble. We were talking serious doo-doo.
But we were betting they weren’t. Hoping they weren’t. Careful prior planning wasn’t Visser
One’s usual MO. He usually jumped in with both feet and a lot of noise. And if the details didn’t work
themselves out, he just ripped a sub-visser’s head off and plowed ahead with his next maniacal plan.
Besides, with a Blade ship and a fleet of Bug fighters at his disposal, the visser didn’t need a