Chapter 1
My name is Rachel. I won’t tell you my last name. None of us will ever tell you our last names.
Whenever I do use a last name, it’s a fake. Sorry, but that’s the way it has to be. And we won’t tell
you the name of our town, or our school, or even what state we are in. If I told you my last name, the
Yeerks would be able to find my friends and me. And if they ever find us, it will be the end.
They might kill us. Or worse.
Yes, there really is something worse than death.
I’ve seen it. I’ve heard the cries of despair from those doomed to be slaves of the Yeerks.
I’ve watched as the evil gray slugs writhe and squeeze in through the ear and take over what was
a free human being.
There are five of us. Just five: Jake, Cassie, Marco, Tobias, and me. Marco came up with a name
for us, for what we are now. He called us Animorphs.
I guess that’s as good a name as any for what we are. Mostly, I still just feel like a normal kid,
you know? But I guess normal kids don’t turn into elephants or bald eagles. And normal kids don’t
spend their free time fighting to save the world from the nightmares called Yeerks.
That day, the sun was bright. It warmed the earth below us. Warm air rose in an invisible bubble,
a thermal. The thermal pushed up beneath our wings and we circled higher and higher and higher, till
it almost seemed we could touch space.
Somewhere up there in cold space, up in orbit, was the Yeerk mother ship. Perhaps right over
our heads.
The Yeerks were parasites. In their natural state they were just big slugs who lived in a sludgy
pond called a Yeerk pool. But the Yeerks have the power to take over other bodies. They have
enslaved many races throughout the galaxy - the Taxxons, the Hork-Bajir, and others. And now they
had come to Earth, looking for more bodies to control.
Who was there to try and stop them? Well, off in space, there were the Andalites. But the
Andalites were far away, and it would take them a long time to come to rescue the people of Earth.
On Earth, no one knew of the Yeerks. No one but five kids who were having fun being birds and
riding the thermals.
I looked over at my friends. Some were a little way below, some were higher up. Jake was
flapping his wings a little more than the rest of us. He had adopted a falcon morph. Falcons don’t soar
quite as well as hawks or eagles.
Tobias was the smoothest flyer. That was partly because red-tailed hawks are natural acrobats.
Partly it was because Tobias had much more practice flying than the rest of us.
Too much practice.
<Okay, Tobias, you were right. This is the coolest thing in the world,> I said.
<Want to try a dive? It’s amazing,> he said.
I wasn’t exactly sure that I wanted to dive, but what could I say? I don’t usually turn down a
challenge. So I said, <Sure.>
<Follow me.>
Tobias bent his wings back and plummeted toward the ground like a bullet.
I tucked my wings back and went after him.
The ground came rushing up at me.
I was falling! Falling, with nothing at all to stop me from splatting right into the ground!