Chapter 1
My name is Cassie.
I can’t tell you my last name. I wish I could. But I can’t even tell you what town I live in or what
state. We have to disguise our identities, we Animorphs. It’s not about being shy. It’s about staying
alive.
If the Yeerks ever learn who we are, we’ll be done for. If they don’t kill us outright, they’ll make
us Controllers. They’ll force a Yeerk slug into our brains, where it will take control of us, making us
slaves - tools of the Yeerk invasion of Earth.
And I really don’t like the idea of being under the control of an alien. I don’t like the idea of
being dead, either.
On the other hand, there are some things I do like about being an Animorph. Some very cool
things.
Take the other night. It was late. I should have been in bed. Instead I was in the barn, getting
ready to turn into a squirrel.
Technically, the barn is really the Wildlife Rehabilitation Clinic. My dad is a vet. So is my mom,
but she works at The Gardens, this big zoo. The Wildlife Rehabilitation Clinic is just my dad and me.
We take in injured birds and animals and try to save them, then release them back into their natural
habitats.
That’s where I was. In the barn. Surrounded by dozens of cages full of birds, from a mourning
dove who’d run into a car windshield to a golden eagle who’d almost been electrocuted by a power
line.
In another part of the barn we have bigger cages for the badgers and opossums and skunks and
deer and even a pair of wolves who’d been poisoned. At the other end (far from the wolves) we keep
our own horses.
There’s an operating room and a couple of small recovery rooms, too.
Back to that night. Have you ever watched a squirrel in the park? They are constantly alert.
Constantly looking around. It’s like every minute of every day they’re thinking, “Hey! What’s that?”
So I knew that if I morphed into a squirrel, all that nervousness and fear would become a part of
me. It’s something we’ve all had to deal with: controlling the animal instincts, the animal mind that
comes along with the animal body.
Anyway, that’s where I was, in a gloomy barn with just the yellow overhead bulbs to light the
room. Why was I there? Because someone, or something, had been sneaking in and getting at the
birds. We’d lost a patient just the night before. A duck.
And because I couldn’t sleep, anyway. I kept having these dreams. Only they weren’t like normal
dreams, somehow. More like … I don’t know. Just really strange, that’s all.
“Relax, Magilla,” I whispered to the squirrel in my hands. “This won’t hurt at all.” I pulled
some chestnuts from my pocket and handed him one. Another nut fell to the floor.
Some morphs are easy. Some are terrifying. When I was a horse, that was cool. When I had to
become a trout, well, that was a little more weird. The whole time I just kept thinking how someone
could fry me and serve me with tartar sauce.
And I don’t like tartar sauce.
“Squirrel,” I told myself. I always try to get into the feeling of what it might be like to be the
animal before I even start morphing.