Chapter 1
My name is Marco.
People call me Marco the Magnificent. Marvelous Marco. The Amazing Marco.
And of course, all the girls just call me … gorgeous. Okay, maybe I’ve never actually heard
anyone call me gorgeous, but I am confident that someone, somewhere, must have called me gorgeous
at some point.
Or not.
But definitely cute. I’ve heard “cute” with my own ears.
And I’ll soon be hearing it a lot more because I’ve made a major change. I’ve cut my hair. Or at
least my stylist, Charise, cut it for me. That’s right, Charise. And according to Charise, my cuteness
quotient has risen from a nine to a definite ten.
Anyway, where was I? Oh, yes. I was telling you that my name is Marco. I can’t tell you my last
name. I forgot it.
No, not really, I’m kidding. I know my last name. I’m just not going to tell you. And I’m not going
to tell you the complete names of my friends or where I live.
What I will tell you is the truth. All except for that part about “magnificent” and “marvelous.”
Everything else I tell you will be true. I know it will seem incredible. But it will be the absolute truth.
Let’s start with the reason why I won’t tell you my last name: I have enemies. We all sorta do.
But these guys are very powerful, very dangerous enemies. Not like the guy in your class who keeps
calling you “dork-wad.” And if they knew who I was, I’d be dead so fast I wouldn’t even know I was
dead. The Yeerks don’t play games. The Yeerks don’t worry about pity or kindness. They don’t care
that I’m just a kid. The Yeerks plan to enslave or destroy the entire human race. They won’t hesitate to
roll right over little old me.
The Yeerks aren’t just my enemies, though. They are the enemies of every human being. The
enemies of Earth itself. And they are everywhere.
They’re a parasitic species. Think tapeworms. That’s what they are, when you get right down to
it: intelligent tapeworms.
They are slugs, just a few inches long. They enter the human body through the ear canal. Once
inside, they flatten themselves out and wrap themselves around your brain. They squeeze into all the
folds and wrinkles of your brain and tie into your thoughts.
They take over. They make you into what we call a Controller. A human machine. A body whose
own, true mind is shattered and helpless.
That’s the special horror of the Yeerks. They don’t just take over your mind and eliminate you.
You continue to be aware. You continue to be conscious. You sit there in your own head watching the
Yeerk open your memory, watching the Yeerk fool your friends and family, watching the Yeerk turn the
people you love into the same kind of slave you’ve become.
You try to move your hand, but you can’t. You try to make your mouth speak, but you can’t. You
don’t even control what your eyes look at. That’s what it’s like.
My mother is one of them. A Controller.
For a long time, we thought she had died. I believed she had drowned. But I learned later that
she was still alive.
A very powerful Yeerk had taken her body. I don’t even know how long she was a Controller
before she disappeared. I don’t know how many times her good-night kiss was the action of a Yeerk